THIS WILL BE THE SEQUEL TO SHE'S WITH ME.
If you haven't read the first one, this one will make ABSOLUTELY ZERO SENSE as this is a continuation to She's With Me.
Follow me on Twitter and Wattpad for more details.
Love you all,
xoxoxo
AvaViolet
She paced back and forth in the comfort of her room in the suburbs of Pittsburgh. This day felt darker and worser than usual. Feeling the anxiety build up fighting to breathe through tears. Just when thought she gathered herself her twelve year old little sister ran into her room crying. A sight she hated to see, but in the last few months she witnessed often.  She picked her young sister up comforting her at least attempting to. After brushing the brown hair out of her sister's face she told her sister not to move even though she was still sobbing.
She opened the bedroom door,closing it behind her as she headed for the staircase. Hearing words and arguments being exchanged from the living room below.
"I'm sick of this Robert. I'm done,we're through. I'm taking the girls and we're leaving. Now today. We aren't coming back, not crawling back this time." Kelly yelled at her husband
"Kel come on. We can work this out, like we always do."Robert said trying to make his irritated wife stay
Kelly felt her blood boil "That's the problem! We shouldn't always be working this stupid shit out. I'm leaving you,we're leaving you. For good this time."
Just then Kelly felt a sting on her cheek knowing this was the last straw. Her eldest daughter started crying again once she heard the noise echo through the house. Kelly's oldest daughter running back to her room where her younger sister was.
"Listen Amelia. Go get the big suitcase out of your closet and put all your favorite clothes and things in there."She said to her  sister knowing what was going to happen
"But but why?"Amelia asked innocently through her tears
The older sister sighed "Listen Milly just do it. I promise Amelia."
Amelia listened to her older sister and ran across the hall to her room doing what her older sister just instructed her to do. Kelly walked into her oldest daughter's room looking into her eyes that were red from crying.
"We're leaving for good. We're going far away from here. I'm going to book a hotel far away."She said standing in the doorway
"For good?"She asked wiping her tears
Kelly nodded "I'm not putting my daughters in a toxic environment anymore and to be quite honest I feel it's time for a new start."
She nodded understanding what her mother was saying, ignoring the hand mark on her cheek. "What do I bring?"
"Clothes. All of them or the ones that fit. I have enough put aside to buy us a house, some new furniture, and some new clothes. I'll explain later we just got to get out of here. I'm going to pack too. I'm guessing you told Amelia?"
She nodded as she walked to her closet throwing clothes in there even dirty ones.
"I'm so sorry I did this to you. I'm so sorry."Her mother said before she left before she went to pack her own things
She fought through the tears. She didn't care she wasn't going to see her dad, to be honest she was happy. It was the fact she had to leave cheer that was her escaped for the last ten years of her life when things weren't right. All her coaches told her she had a super high chance of getting a scholarship with cheer that she knew she wanted so badly.
After emptying all the drawers full of clothes and shoes into three different bags, she took a glance around her room. Leaving a bed and some other things that seemed almost worthless now. She shut her closet shut dragging her bags to her sister's room. Amelia had three bags as while. One of them was a huge duffel bag filled completely with stuffed animals and shoes. 
"Come on Milly. We're going to the car."She said grabbing a heavy bag her sister couldn't carry 
As her sister and her reached the bottom of the stairs, she grabbed her mom's key's to her car. After unlocking the doors to my mom's SUV. She placed the bags in the trunks and helped her younger sister calm down. She then realized she forgot an important jar in her room. She promised her sister she would be right back and darted into the house. After reaching at the very top of her closet she grabbed the jar full of money. A jar that contained almost $10,000 dollars for a car of her own after saving since she was fourteen years old. She threw the jar in an old purse that hung from her closet door handle. When she walked out her room she met her mom at the bottom of the stairs. 
"I'm so sorry forgive me Kelly. Don't take the girls,don't leave." Robert pleaded 
"You lead yourself to this!"Kelly cried carrying her bags
"Sweetie tell her you don't want to leave."Robert said looking at his oldest daughter that looked equally like both of her parents. She had long blonde hair that she gotten from her dad and blue eyes from her mom.
"I-I can't say that."She said shaking her head "I'm so sick of you hurting us. I'm so so so done. You said you would stop it, but you didn't. You don't love us,simple as that."
"Baby don't say that."Robert said walking towards his older daughter as she walked back away from him
"Don't you've had way too many chances. We're leaving." My mom said defending me
"Sweetie just give me one more hug."Robert said opening his arms walking to her, but yet again she dodged him "Penny please."
Kelly instantly took her daughter by the wrist pulling her away "Don't touch Aspen. Goodbye Robert"
"Penny just take this letter. Read it when you're ready. I'll mail you more."Robert said taking a white even-lope out of his back pocket handing it to his daughter
Aspen took the letter without a word crumbling it into her bag. Kelly and Aspen walked through the front doors. Throwing Kelly's bags into trunk along with the purse full of Aspen's savings. They drove away from their Pittsburgh house for the last time with Robert slamming the door shut not even coming after them.
In that moment Aspen decided she could never trust anyone again especially a boy. Aspen thought about all those years of promises that her dad said, but she began to wonder if they were true. Like the ones he said he'd never let harm come her way. But he caused the harm. The pain that would cause her to be broken to be afraid to let somebody love her again. She would never be able to let go of all the pain he caused her. As they drove into the distance Aspen prayed for a better start and she prayed that she'd never get too close to anyone again.
Finn Delson--more commonly known as Cassi's sister--has spent her entire life in the shadows. She is the good girl that usually goes undetected by those around her. Elliot Parker, however, seems to notice her right away. For once, it's Finn's turn to win the guy and fall in love, but only if she can survive her sister's jealous-ridden betrayals and a secret that could ruin it all.
A story about love, jealousy, and their dangerous combination.
A/N: All rights reserved. No part of this work may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without my permission, except in brief quotations for reviews or other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, message me.
"Welcome to Henderson Records, how can I help you?" the front desk woman asked.
Light poured into the lobby through the glass front windows, bouncing off the polished floor. Half moon couches curved around metal coffee tables. Rolling Stones covers lined the walls, highlighting the Records labels largest stars, including Hey Farewell, America's hottest band. 
"Lennon Kayhill and Jordan Knight to see Matt Watkins," Jordan said. 
"If you will take a seat, someone will be right with you." 
Lennon led the way to the closest couch and sat. She straightened the skirt of her dress and brushed aside the few brown strands of hair that had fallen lose from her bun. 
There were magazines on the table near the couch and she picked one up. The magazine flipped open to a two page picture of the three members of Hey Farewell. The large caption on the bottom of the page announced their worldwide tour to support their fourth album, Vacant Rooms. 
Lennon, needing something to distract her nerves, read the article. While it started out talking about the band's new album and tour, it quickly transitioned to talking about the lead singer, Kade Matthews. He had just returned from a year break and was finishing a month long apology tour for his former indiscretions. 
"How are you doing?" Jordan asked, pulling Lennon away from the article. 
Lennon looked around the large lobby, feeling the weight of where she sat. 
"It's overwhelming. But I'm excited," she said, trying to ignore the nerves racing through her veins. 
"That's understandable."
"I mean this is the big leagues! Opening for Hey Farewell is any small time singer's dream," she said. "This is far from the open mic nights I was playing two years ago. I mean, this could mean I'll be playing for thousands of people instead of a hundred."
"Not just thousands, hundreds of thousands," Jordan said. 
Lennon gripped her knees, trying to contain the excitement that idea brought. Jordan smiled. 
"Miss Kayhill and Mr. Knight?" 
Lennon and Jordan looked up to see a tall man with dark hair trying to get their attention.
"Hi," Lennon said, standing with Jordan. 
"I'm Kevin, Mr Watkins's assistant. If you'll follow me." 
Kevin led them into the elevator and then down a long white hallway, framed platinum records lining the wall. She noticed three of them held Hey Farewell's name. 
"This is where I leave you. Mr Watkins will be with you shortly" Kevin said, leading them into a large conference room.
"Thank you," Lennon said. 
They were both silent, looking out the large windows overlooking downtown LA when Matt Watkins walked in. 
"Jordan, it's good to see you," he said friendly, offering his hand. "And you must be Lennon Kayhill."
"Thank you so much. It's nice to meet you," Lennon said, shaking his hand.
"I didn't know you knew each other" she said, giving Jordan an inquisitive look. 
"Jordan and I go way back," Matt said, giving Jordan a friendly slap on the back. "I wouldn't have made it through my business math class without this guy." 
"He's exaggerating," Jordan said. 
"We went to college together," Matt clarified. "Shall we sit?"
They all took seats around the table.
"So let me get right to the point, I've been watching your career the last couple of months. I am very interested in having you open for Hey Farewell. You have created a great clean image that the label likes." 
"Thank you!" was all Lennon could say. 
"Hey Farewell will tour America from May until July. Then after a week break, they will be on to their European tour. We'd love for you to be on the tour with them."
"That sounds amazing," Lennon said. 
"There is one condition," Matt said, his tone shifted.
"Miss Kayhill, I am sure you are aware of the not so pleasant press that was surrounding Mr Matthews about a year ago," he said.
Lennon had seen the headlines of Kade's drunken brawls, bouncing between girls and his crazy partying.
"I've seen something along those lines," she answered.
"Kade took some time out of the spotlight to reevaluate some things. Coming back, he has spent the last month trying to remedy his indiscretions before any permanent damage to the band occurs."
Lennon felt at a loss as to why Matt was telling her this. She was also getting the feeling that Jordan was getting nervous. 
"I believe this tour will be a perfect opportunity to show the new side of Kade," Matt said. "And that is also where you come in."
"Lennon opening for Hey Farewell is an amazing opportunity," Jordan said. "Not only will you reach thousands of new people but the tour will get press buzz. They will undoubtedly mention you also. This is a big step is getting the fanbase we have been striving for." 
"I agree," Lennon said. 
She felt as if they were trying to convince her about something she already was on board with. 
"That's great! There is just one thing," Matt say. 
Lennon could feel Jordan tensing next to her. 
"Since a part of the bad press around Kade has been his short-term relationships with women, we believe a long lasting relationship will help convince the public Kade's changed." 
Lennon remained silent, unsure of how this pertained to her at all. 
"While relationships of the romantic sort can be unpredictable we are looking for something stable and predictable. Let's just say we don't want the future of Hey Farewell to rest on the changing moods and feelings a relationship can bring."
"While it may seem cold, the relationship will be mutually beneficial to both parties" Jordan chimed in. "It will help make Kade look committed and changed. On the flip side, Kade's fame reaches far and anyone one connected to him will be instant news." 
"That sounds like a great strategy," Lennon said, unsure of why she should care. 
She had heard about relationships like this before. Two big stars act like they are together, get photographed at some parties and then drop a single together. The song shots to the top of the charts because the fans are convinced it's about how much they love each other and will be together forever. They stick it out for a few months and then go their separate ways. 
"Here's the thing," Matt started to say. 
Lennon could sense Jordan sitting on the edge of the chair.
"We want you to date Kade."
*************************************
Hey everyone!
Just wanted to say hi and thank you so much for reading! I am assuming you read the chapter is you are now reading this! If not and you just scrolled to the bottom just to hear my voice then that takes dedication and I applaud you :)
This story is a labor of love! I wrote it while commuting to work everyday on the train! And I have to tell writing on a train full of people is awkward. I am always paranoid they are reading over my shoulder. Lets hope they like it. And yes I'm talking to you dude in the black suit! :)
So happy you have decided to join me on this journey. Lets see where Lennon and Kade take us! 
Who do you think Kade and Lennon look like?
Vote, comment, follow, share, if you wanna show me your love or know more about my adventure of writing on the train!
"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it."
--Edith Wharton
This story is for everyone who has lived a secret life; one that the world isn't allowed to see.
This story contains abuse, bullying, suicidal thoughts, romance, and so much more. 
READ AT YOUR OWN RISK
Description:
"When it comes to you, I have no control." I stare at him intently, and he runs his fingers through his hair. "Athena, believe it or not I'm crazy about you." 
Biting my lip, I look up at him. "Prove it."
-
Athena Kingsley has always had a hard time growing up with an abusive step mom, and a dad who's M.I.A. School is her only escape, though she doesn't have any friends. Being alone in her own thoughts is enough for her. 
Xzavier Richards is the schools Bad Boy, trouble maker. Teachers hate him, girls love him, and boys wanna be him. He has an uncontrollable temper, and is often aggressive and controlling if he's enraged. 
What happens when these two cross paths? 
Will they both get their happy endings, or will their fears take control?
Copyright 
All Rights Reserved
"Grayson, what are you doing?" I asked, slowly, walking into his house. He was sitting on a bar stool in the kitchen, facing the view of the city lights.
Grayson was surrounded by open bottles of beers and alcohol. When he turned around, I did what most people wouldn't do, I looked directly into his eyes.
His eyes were like a book, telling a story to ones who dared to look at them. Hurt, confusion, and sadness written all over his drooping, bloodshot eyes. He didn't answer me, making me step closer to him, "You okay?" I asked.
"Yeah," he whispered with the rare smile I've seen only a few times through the time I've known him. Though this one is different. It was depressing.
"No, you're not."
He sighed. He didn't say anything back, but we both knew what he was going to say. He knew what he was feeling right now, even though he wasn't sober. He knew.
"I wanna fix you." I whispered, shocking myself.
His smile vanished, almost immediately. He looked away from me, his eyes back to the city lights, "Me too." He whispered.
*•*•*•*
Stereotypes shape today's society, especially when it came to Grayson Watts. He's the schools bad boy, making girls go all over him, but I, Bailey Winters, or so I thought. I'm the girl who's usually too busy reading and doing homework than to go out and stalk guys. One day, somehow, Grayson and I cross paths and something made us become close enough to be called, 'friends.' With our new found friendship, I learned that bad boys, too, could be broken.
Senior year was supposed to be drama free, guess I was wrong.
(A/N)Hey people. New book! Recently I've been having lessons about stereotypes about like gender roles... It got me thinking about a new like story plot, I guess?
What I'm trying to say is that I feel like boys don't get enough... Attention on how they feel. Stereotypes make girls and of course boys want to meet those standards of what the society believe they should become. Both boys and girls follow these stereotypes, wanting to become what society depicts of their gender and I've cried because of the thought. I mean, I'm a girl and girls are 'supposed' to be so emotional. Why not boys? Why can't they be emotional without being called a 'pussy?' Honestly, I hate when people are like that and especially when they're in the same spot as them. It's so stupid. We're all human and I believe people should start acting like it.
The media has influenced these stereotypes on boys and girls making people believe that boys have to be dangerous and angry all the time and girls have to be so sweet and weak. I honestly can't explain in words how disgusted I am by society.
Anyway, the main message I'm trying to send is...
Be who you want to be. No matter how weird you are, you're perfect just the way you are. If people don't like the real you, then don't let them ruin the fun of you being you. They're not there to tell you who you can and can't be.
Sorry for ranting but I just needed to get that off my chest. Just letting you guys know, the first few chapters of this book will indeed be short. I hope you guys enjoy the book! 
Love you. :-) <3
Hey Guys,So this is my second book and I am very excited to write this.
Mistakes: Also there might be a lot of mistakes as once I've finished the book I am going under editing.
Important: In this book I have used comebacks from the internet so if you don't like how I've used them then there is no need to read this book.
Plagiarism: In this book I encourage people to write their own story but not to copy. If anybody does plagerise my book I will have to report them.
Trailer: The official trailer is done by the beautiful MizDancer thank you!
So read along and I hope you enjoy the book!
   The first thought that would cross a person's mind after seeing Adrian for the first time would be that he looks like an innocent angel with a smile to die for,but after getting to know him everybody would say that he is a good friend but he surely isn't boyfriend material.
   He gets any girl he wants anytime he would want to,and leaves them whenever he wants to.He never showed love to anybody but lust.I came to this school in January this year and I already have enough and more reasons to stay away from the angelic looking devil Adrian Sawyer.And my main focus is to get good grades in here,not to hook up with angels. But I cannot help myself but to look at him each time he passes.err I'm so dumb I have no chance to be with him and he's so far from my type he's too into the fun and crazy type unlike me.
   "Hey my beautiful rose"said Lizzy my  best friend since year one in school taking me out of my imagination.
   "Hey..sup Lizard" I say and wait for her to blast me for calling her that but instead she just glares at one direction and I turn from my locker to watch what she was soo eagerly looking at.No wonder the 6.4feet tall chocolaty brown haired super annoyingly gorgeous looking Adrian passes us and walks towards his class leaving everybody on his way wonderstruck.
    "Why!why!whyyy! did Lord create such a perfect human being who paralyses us each time he passes just with his looks."
    "I wonder why too Lizzy, c'mon we are getting late for class,his gorgeous looks won't get us anything."I say"It surely pumps me fully to live a day without food."Lizzy says giving me the take.a.joke look.And I drag her by the hand and get going towards our class before she starts her talk about how frikin' gorgeous stupid Adrian is.
  Like I don't see it with my own eyes.
Audrey POV
"Audrey honey I need to talk to you." my dad smiled warmly. A smile a real smile. I grin back. Its been so long since I've seen him smile. Since that day. That horrible day where everything went downhill.
His tired dark eyes now seem to have a dim light in them. Good. I put my fork down and straighten my back. I always was a daddy's girl and I still am.
"I think it's time for you to go to school." He breathed out as if he was holding it in. 
I sighed. I knew why, perfectly. The flashes skimmed inside my brain. I put on a fake smile and nodded in agreement. I understood. I don't want another one of them to ruin my life.
"Is that all dad." I asked softly.
"No one more thing honey." he sighed. 
"Yeah."
"I-I hired someone to take care of you. He's a student there." My dad said emotionless gruff voice. He's... Its a guy? 
"I-I fine... ok."
I finished my dinner and muttered an excuse. I was about to exit the dinning table when dad stopped me abruptly. "You start this Thursday."
I nodded not trusting myself to look back at him when pain was shown in my eyes.
Moving up the flight of stairs I seem to get stuck in the flashbacks of how my life became complete utter hell for weeks. 
Flashback
"Hey Fernanda whatcha cooking." I grinned at my family's cook. She's worked here since my dad was a little boy.
"You're favorite hija, arroz con pollo with a hint of lemon." she said partly in Spanish.
I hummed in response. "I'll be back soon I saw a book yesterday in the library room that caught my eye!"
"Just don't take too long or else el pollo y aros might get cold." she said seriously. I gave her a slight smile in return and skipped off.
Passing through many empty rooms I thought what the books name was again The halt in our hearts? No not quite. 
A loud groan that sounded a lot like my mother came from the door to my right. I furrowed my eyebrows no that couldn't be it my mom went shopping really early- another noise was brought to my ears a grunt of satisfaction from a male by the deepness. 
"Logan!" I heard a shrilly voice shout. Mom?!
Why was my mom shouting my tutors name. I slowly clasp my hand on the door knob and turn it. I peek inside and let out a loud high pitch scream.
I stumble back the door was wide open. I could here many things like my name being shouted by my dad and footsteps creeping closer to me. My mom yelled at the top of her lungs that she could explain. Everything was fuzzy and seemed to be so far away. I heard my dad shouting incoherent words at Carol who I dare not say my mother. 
At last everything seem to clear up when I heard a slap. I look up and see my dad holding his cheek while Carol wrapped with a thin sheet screamed that she was a woman with dignity.
"GET OUT OF MY HOUSE YOU GOLD DIGGER AND TAKE THAT BASTARDO OF HOMBRE WITH YOU!" my dad erupted pointing at Carol and Logan.
Logan finally found his voice and started defending her. All the screams are giving me a head ache and that isn't helping my dizzy state. I wanted out of all this.
Carol makes a move to grab me. but I jerk away. "Don't touch me!" I let out choking up on a sob. 
I was disgusted that my own blood and flesh would do such a low thing. "Honey please-" 
"Don't, just don't." I mutter hiding behind my dad's angry figure.
"I TOLD YOU TO GET OUT CAROL!" Dad shouted more angrily.
"Fine Robert I will!" And she kissed Logan on the lips and pulled him out of the scene.
The next few days my dad never looked at me in the eye. And I never got a "Its going to be alright baby girl" even if it was just a lie I wanted to hear that, that everything was going to be alright. But it never did. It never came.
Flashback Over
I didn't notice I was crying when a whimper came out of my mouth. No, I will not cry I'm a big girl! 
I open my door and softly close it behind me. I look around my room, it was clean, a few books lying here and there but that was it. The bed was made and on top was Wes making me remember to say thanks to Rissa. I walk zombie like towards my bed and hug Wes the teddy bear my mom got me when I was 6. 
"Oh Wes why me... Why my family."
* ~ * ~ * ~ *
Thursday came with a halt and I was nervous. Was high school like in the movies. Were all girls mean and grouchy.
I stood in front of the mirror with a black drees on that had tiny little red and orange daisies on it. It has a sweetheart neckline, it reached a few inches above my knees. My wavy brown hair was let loose. 
I put on my Chuck Taylor's and made my way down stairs but my feet thought otherwise. I stood in front of my dad's office were he passed all his time. I open the door and peeked inside. Nothing. I thought- Wished that maybe just maybe he was going to be here for my first day on going to high school. Making sure that I make my way down stairs this time I enter the kitchen.
"Hey Fernanda do you know where dad went?" I asked hopefully. 
She smiled sadly before answering, "He left temprano than usual mija." I then understood he knew I would be looking for him for comfort. And he couldn't give it.
I stare at my converse as if they're the most attractive thing ever. I felt embarrassed that Fernanda had to see all this mess. Even though I don't want to admit it I know that my dad was avoiding me. Soft hands cupped my face and brushed the tears away.I felt Fernanda hug me say soothing things in my ear like she always did when I was down. 
"Todo va estar bien, everything will be alright." She murmured. I shook my head in response.
"Now go I heard from Antonio that the boy was here. You don't want to keep him waiting." A feathery kiss was placed on my forehead.
I nod and swing my backpack on my shoulders. I open the front door and a light breeze swished by making my hair fly. I walk down the few steps and hop off the last one. I look up to see a man leaned against what I assume his car. The man wore a wife beater underneath a red flannel and a pair of jeans that hung low on his hips. His sleeves were rolled up to his elbows. He stared at me with a blank look. His lips were in a straight thin line.
I walk up to him and ask, "Are you my protector?"
~} ~} ~}^
^Like
Vote
Comment
He was watching.
Dashing across the muddy field with the ball at his feet, and Tom of the other team breathing down his neck, Sem Bolton didn't have time to even glance. But he felt those dark brown eyes burning on him. He couldn't mess up. Not in front of him. 
Sliding to a halt, Sem positioned himself and kicked the ball at Nick. Way too hard: it flew right past the intended target. Nick promptly sprinted after the ball in pursuit, and Sem scowled, roughly wiping his sweaty curls out of his face. His eyes darted to the fence that separated the football fields from the footpath. 
He was still there on the other side of the fence, casually leaning against a bench and following their game of football. Sem saw him walking or jogging past almost every game, but this was the first time he'd actually stopped to watch. 
His dark eyes were squeezed to slits in the bright sun, but that same sun also made his olive skin glow.  As always, it almost seemed like he was trying to understate his handsomeness: his straight, black hair was cut short and simple, he wore loose clothes, and a nonchalant stubble adorned his chiseled jaw. His efforts to look ordinary were in vain. Sem didn't fall for it. In fact, the more he saw him, the more handsome he became. 
It was pathetic that after weeks of constantly sneaking glances, and major crushing, Sem still didn't even have a name to the face. Not a real name, anyway. He'd been stuck with nothing but "hot jogging guy" at first. Then, one day he'd showed up wearing a t-shirt that, along with some motorcycle logo, read the name "Jack's" in big bold letters. For a lack of better, Sem had finally dubbed him Jack. 
Jack was not wearing his Jack's shirt today. Unfortunately, most of his shape was hidden by baggy jogging pants and an oversized blue shirt. Sem could however still make out a nice pair of broad shoulders, and strong arms. He had a good body. Had to work out to look like that too, yet he wasn't muscular like a typical gym rat. Maybe he was more an outdoorsy type? 
"Sem!" Nick's voice rang out, with thinly veiled annoyance. Sem's head snapped back to the game, and he immediately got why his best friend sounded so irritated. The ball had already been played all the way to the other side of the field while Sem was off to lala-land. Cursing under his breath, he hurried forward to join his team. 
"Open on your left!"
Almost instantly the ball came Sem's way. But as he tried to receive, he slipped on the wet grass, nearly losing his balance and struggling to even keep himself standing. Tom easily stole the ball and ran off, the others right behind him. Matthew, who'd shot the ball at Sem, glared at him in the passing, his grey eyes flashing with anger. Matthew hated losing, especially if it was someone else's fault. Sem just glared right back. Whatever, he wasn't worried about Matthew's opinion. 
More importantly: was there any way Jack might've, don't know, gotten blinded by the sun and missed that? Great, here was his one chance to impress the hot college guy, and he was totally blowing it. Sneaking another quick look, Sem saw that Jack was still focused on the game, on whoever had the ball. Not on him specifically. Wasn't that depressing? 
Okay, Sem wasn't expecting them to wind up having wild, steamy sex in the sport centre showers after the match, like his daydreams usually went. But he had expected to at least have done something cool to impress him by now. Instead, Jack was probably wondering if Sem got hit in the head with one too many balls.
"Okay, what are you doing?" A firm push on his shoulder made Sem turn his head. 
Nick was jogging alongside him. With his light blond hair and freckled skin Nick tended to burn alive, and he was already starting to resemble a tomato. Nick cared way more about football than their coach, Mr. Jones, did. He was often left in charge of the game, and Sem could feel a scolding from his best friend coming up. 
"What?"
Nick's forehead crinkled as both eyebrows raised, and Sem let out an exasperated sigh. "It's not me. It's this stupid field. Not my fault."
"No," Nick started slowly, "you are sucking. Stop sucking." 
Sem rolled his eyes. "Yeah, thanks. Any other great advice to offer?" 
"Yes. Stop sucking." Nick gave him a dismissive wave, and he was off again. 
"Stupid mud," Sem muttered to himself. His shoes were all covered in the stuff, too. Their original color wasn't even visible anymore. Why the hell was it still raining so much anyway? It was supposed to be spring, which meant sunshine only. He hated cleaning his shoes. He hated mud. And most of all, he hated Nick being right.
He was sucking at football, and that's exactly what Jack was going to think. So far, all Sem had achieved was making shitty passes, only topped by awkwardly stumbling around, and not even hitting the ball. That was some FIFA world cup material right there. Who knew when Jack was going to stop by again, if ever? He'd forever think that Sem sucked at football after today. 
No, that was bullshit. Jack would forget about that bad football player's very existence the moment he walked away, and never think about him again. He'd get up from that bench and... and Jack had just gotten up from the bench. 
He was leaving.
Sem's heart drummed in a way that had nothing to do with running up and down a field. No, don't leave. He had to do something. Something big, no, huge, to revert the damage, and fast. Think, no, don't think. No time, idiot. He needed to just go for it, whatever 'it' was. 
For anything to happen, Sem first needed to get his feet on that ball. Where was the ball? Callum had it. Pff, he could take on Callum, piece of cake. Sem charged right at him without hesitation. He leapt in between Callum and Ethan, just after Callum tried to pass to the latter. And then he ran, the wind in his ears, and the precious ball securely at his feet. The goal was straight ahead, but as if there were little strings attached to to his eyes, they were pulled to the benches behind the goal. To Jack. 
A jolt went down his spine as he was met by a pair of dark brown eyes, and Sem instantly lost control over the lower half of his face. He just couldn't help it: his lips automatically curled up into a wide grin. That's right, you watch Jack. Wait- was he smiling back? It was subtle, but the corners of Jack's lips tugged up too. Jack was smiling back at him. Just a reserved, closed-lipped smile, but it was a smile nonetheless. 
As his stomach did a series of loops and backflips, Sem instantly forgot about his tired limbs, his burning lungs, and even about the stupid mud on his shoes. He sped up, legs moving faster and faster by the second, until it felt like he was no longer touching the ground.  
He was, no longer touching ground. 
Sem's right foot slid away from below him as he stepped on something. Something harder and far more slippery than the field. In a flash Sem saw Jack's smile disappear and eyes widening, before he went down, face first, into the mud.
 A/N: Thank you for reading. If you liked what you read, I'd really appreciate it if you could consider leaving a vote and/or comment! If you notice any mistakes, by all means, tell me! 




A/N- I want to write a story that is different, yet, holds a subject that is interesting.
I hope you all like this story and I hope it doesn't get annoying or cliché. I get tired of reading the same old thing sometimes, and I want to write a story that has a beautiful story line, with a healthy developing relationship that makes sense.
Hope you all enjoy.
Description :
"H-Hi," Gia stutters. Her eyes are locked in a heated stare with his bright and beautiful blue ones. She's never seen eyes so blue before. 
He doesn't smile, or show any acknowledgment to her presence.  He turns to walk passed her but she gets a sudden burst of courage and speaks a little bit louder.
"Uh-why are you here?" She asks softly, gesturing to their current setting. 
A hospital waiting room. 
•
Seventeen-year-old, Giuliana Fitzpatrick, is forced to move from New York City to a small town named Oakwood, bringing her secrets along with her. 
When she meets a loner, who's just as mysterious as she is, she can't help but want to get to know him better. Could two completely different people become friends? Or will her past disrupt her future? 
Katie's P. O. V. 
"mom I'm home.. " I yelled but no reply came. Obviously because no one's at home. How can I forget that.. 
I sighed, deeply, as I dropped my satchel near the staircase and jumped on the couch. 
I switched on the television and munched my favourite - skittles.. 
I yawned, not at bothering to even look at the television. 
You think it's unusual not watching the reruns of VD7 but for me it's kind of normal.
And kinda boring.. 
But all I matter is my mom. She promised me yesterday that she will take a break and spend some time with me.. 
But as everyone says, promises are meant to be broken.. 
Even though I'm not at all broken, as it's everyday that my mom breaks her promises, but ya I'm a little sad. 
To get my mind distracted, I thought of going through my messages. 
Only one. 
Yippee, I'm popular.. (note the sarcasm). 
Hey, you free?.. - Babe Beth.. 
Ya, why?.. - Katie Holes.. (me).. 
I'm coming in few minutes.. - Babe Beth.. 
Ok.. - Katie Holes.. 
I yawned once again as I put my phone back in my pocket and got up. 
I stretched my body and walked upstairs to my room, for a hot shower. Wait a sec, 
Did I tell you about my life!? Or was I just cribbing about how less my mother spends time with me!?.. 
I definitely know that I was talking about the latter.. 
Shit..!! How could I.. 
Ok.. So.. Let me start by introducing myself, Katienne Joanna Holes.. Also Katie. And I'm a nerd but not the ones we read or watch.. 
Because I don't wear glasses and I'm not at all interested in books, except novels.. But I still get As in all my subjects and I'm good in volleyball.. 
One thing similar between me and a full nerd, I'm not popular.. 
All I have is just one friend.. Bethany Reynolds aka Beth... 
Beth is all opposite of me. She is a blond beauty hidden behind a pair of ugly glasses. Her blue eyes are more beautiful than my dark brown eyes. Plus she is intelligent as compared to me... 
Beth and my mom are the most important part of my life.. 
And please don't ask about dad, because I don't know him.. I haven't seen him or met him personally and I'm not dying to do the same... 
You see, he was the person who left my mom alone when she got pregnant with me. Instead of taking care, he left just left... 
And so I hate him.. 
And that's the reason why I don't trust boys at all.. 
What if you generate a close relation with one, and he lefts you, just like that...hanging you in the middle.. It will definitely break you apart, just like my mom was when my dad left her.. 
My grandmother, Nana, helped my mom during her difficult times.. Nana even took care of me when mom would go for work, Nana became my second mother.. 
Unfortunately, she died four years ago, when I entered my teenage years and when I got my first period... 
Yuck, why am I even discussing about my monthly cycle.. 
Soon after finishing of with a hot shower, I came downstairs again wearing my yellow baggy shirt and black leggings with my plain black converse. 
"hey babe... " the door opened and there she is, looking gorgeous as ever. 
I smile at her when she kisses my on my cheeks. 
"hi!!.." I replied, as I slouched on the couch beside her. 
"so!? What are you doing!? "
" nothing.. Just watching the reruns.." I lied, and she believes all of it. You see I'm a potential liar. 
" oh.. Listen I have a news to tell.. " Beth squealed. 
" what!? "
" guess who is going to be your neighbor!?. " Beth said, winking at me. 
" OMG!!.. Is that you??!.. Oh cool.. Take the room just in front of mine.. Then we can have loads of fun.. " o squealed like a 4 year old. 
" no not me.. I'm not the lucky one to get that room... "
" then who? " I said, it's clear from my voice that all my excitement is down. 
" guess no?.. "
" no.. Tell me.. Who is it..?! ".. 
" it's... - - - - - " but the bell interrupted her. 
" shoot ".. I said, getting up, frustratingly. Beth followed. 
I walk down the hallway and opened the door and a guy smiled or rather smirked at me. 
He is clearly my age, but is probably of 6'4 and I'm just 5'4... He is so better looking than me. His loose shirt shows his abs perfectly. Hot. His hair all ruffled on a side. Cute. His eyes, oh my my. His rosy pink lips look so inviting. Wait a min, why am I thinking this!?. 
Just then his gray eyes met mine, he smirks.
" done with it!? " he asked, A smirk still playing on his lips. 
This brought me out of my reverie. 
" excuse me!? "
" done with checking me out? Haven't seen this hot mess before? " he said, smirking and pointing at his body. 
I frowned. 
" na.. I wasn't checking you out.. I have seen much better.. " I lied. 
" on television?? " it sounded more like a statement than a question. 
Before I could answer him, Beth squealed, came beside me. 
" Beth? " I said, raising my eyebrow at her. But she was busy checking him out while he was smirking as if it's quite normal for him. 
" Beth? "
" ya.. " she said, dreamily looking at him. His smirk got bigger which annoyed me. 
" do you know him?.. " I asked. Both of them looked at me as if I just belong to earth, as if I have come from Mars.. 
" don't tell me you don't know him? " Beth asked, shockingly. 
" duh.. " I nodded. 
" he is.. - - - - "
" hi, neighbor. I'm Aaron Lockwood.. " he interrupted my friend and smirked. 
Beth smiled and looking dreamily at him. 
While, I was, well you can say I was in a BIG shock. 
This story is going to be a teen fiction and not a fanfiction.. Do give your love to this story too and comment and vote please.. Cover's by Riyakhhurana
***
"I love how spunky and strong willed the main girl is and Aiden is smoldering hot in a bad boy sort of way that will leave you wanting more! It's funny yet serious at the same time, perfectly mixed to give you the best of both worlds."
-friesianloverl2k
*
"more...MORE...God I love this book"
-ILOVEWRITING_MEWE
*
"you are my favorite writer on Wattpad!!!!!! Your updates literally make my day shine a little brighter" 
-LilaJackson
*
"THIS BOOK IS JUST AMAZING! It is literally like some sort of leprechaun came down from a rainbow and sprinkled magic on it and I FEEL LIKE A UNICORN WHEN I AM READING IT BECAUSE IT IS MAGICAL"
-bellastyles73
*
"THIS IS BETTER THAN THE LAST ONE. THESE KEEP GETTING BETTER AND BETTER..... "
-JosieKake
***
When Amelia Collins moves to a new town to escape her dark past, she just wants to keep her head down and finish her senior year.
Her plans change drastically when she runs— literally— into the school's hottest badass and number one person on the 'don't mess with' list, Aiden Parker.
Amelia needs to find a way to survive senior year while she tries not to fall for the annoyingly handsome Aiden, or his mischievous, cocky player of a best friend, Mason.
With new friends, fun pranks, bitchy queen bees, old rivalries, and a haunting past, Amelia's senior year is destined to be filled with some drama.
 ***
This is your warning that there is a shit-ton of swearing in this book.
***
I would put the copyright disclaimer here, but no one reads that anyways.
I'll just say DO NOT copy this story or I will HUNT YOU DOWN. If you're not original/creative enough to come up with your own ideas and resort to stealing other peoples works, then maybe you shouldn't be a writer... #sorrynotsorry
No but seriously, I hope you enjoy this book and I genuinely read and appreciate all the kind words and feedback you guys send me :)
Enjoy, and thanks so much for all the kind words and support :)

NOTE: Only the prologue, which is a flashback, will be written in third person!
           The room sparkled with anticipation and nervous chatter between the accomplished strangers. Through the glass paneled windows surrounding the perimeter of the vast room, bright constellations scattered the moonless night sky. With every minute that passed, the hour hand on the antique grandfather clock inched closer and closer to nine. Time slipped through the intermittent waves of silence, summer disappearing in the blink of an eye.
Mounted on the railing that connected the Kings' extravagant double staircase was a banner ordered specifically by Alexander King's campaign committee for the celebration. New York's most beloved businessman recently turned politician won the election for the position of the 57th governor by unprecedented margins. With a year short of being forty, Governor King was basking in all his glory, the fizz of fresh champagne in stainless glasses becoming his new favorite sound.
The newly elected governor's son, Griffin, stood at the peak of the staircase, arms crossed defiantly over his chest. He had grown nearly five inches over the summer, his old suit suffocating him in all the wrong places. As his field of vision shifted from his parents standing in the spotlight to the edges of the overwhelming crowd, he noticed her, the only other person close to his age in the entire room. 
More by a force of will than voluntary pleasure, Kennedy Marx was seated at the grand piano near the mahogany bookshelves. Her eyes skimmed across the untouched novels from time to time, a pastime activity to spare her boredom. She'd been hired to play a baroque arrangement during cocktail hour, which had longed past. The Kings had gone through cases and cases of champagne and wine since then, the waiters and waitresses meandering through the crowd to refill empty glasses. As long as the alcohol kept coming, the party would never stop.  
Kennedy didn't want to be there anymore than Griffin did, each with their own reasons. It was the last week of summer, the week before high school officially started for the both of them. She was supposed to be home, finishing all of the assignments she had purposely put off. He was supposed to be at a bonfire down the street. If they listened closely enough, they could hear the beats of the stereo booming in the background.
Kennedy was waiting for her grandmother to return her phone call when she felt a presence behind her, a shadow casting over the black and white piano keys. She turned around to see a boy with sun-kissed golden hair and tanned skin, his eyes the color of the ocean. The longer she stared at them, the more she was starting to think that the hue was an impossible shade of blue.
"This party's pretty boring, huh?" the boy with ocean eyes said in a low whisper that could barely be heard over the incessant chatter of the adults circulating around them. As he spoke, a hint of a grin tugged at the corner of his pink lips. 
"Um..." Kennedy faltered, taking a couple seconds to quickly scan her surroundings. Even though there was no one remotely close to her in a five feet radius, she still asked, "Were you talking to me?"
"No, I wasn't." Griffin shook his head twice, a couple strands of his golden hair falling across his forehead, covering part of his brow. There was a wide smile painted on his face now. "I was actually speaking to the piano behind you, but I'll let you in on a secret if you promise not to tell anyone."
Her eyes shifted momentarily to the piano and then back again to his face. His eyes had never left her. She nodded her head slowly in agreement, her mind wondering where he was headed with this.
"The piano says it thinks this party is pretty lame, too."
"That's funny," she responded, arching her brow slightly as she tilted her head to in the direction of the piano whose keys remained untouched. "I've been sitting here the entire night, and the piano hasn't said an entire thing to me. I didn't even know it could speak. You must bring out another side in it."
Slut!
You disgust me, you little whore. 
You're a fucking disgrace to this world.
You make me want to throw up all over your ugly face. Ew.
You little bitch, you should kill yourself.
The messages pile on my phone from the unknown numbers and the lump is rising higher in my throat the longer I read them.
This is bad. This is really bad. Will this ever end? Are people always going to point their fingers at my face and throw insults at me? Are they always going to talk behind my back?
It's getting too much day after day. I don't know how much longer I'll be able to take the insults that follow me everywhere I go. It seems that everyone knows about me, no matter where I go. It seems like everyone is judging me, no matter if I'm in a shop or in a bank. People always talk about me.
I want it all to end.
I want it all to stop.
I want to disappear. Go somewhere where no one knows about me. Where my face will be unknown and completely new to them.
I want to start over. 
Wow, wow, hello again. You're hearing from me yet again. This time, with a brand new story. I'm very excited to share it with you!!
I've had the idea for this story for about a year now (maybe more?) and I honestly can't tell you how excited I am to finally start working on it!
And also, this story will be NOTHING like His Series. I hope you'll like it!
Come say hi:
twitter: patriciaxbooks
ask.fm: bourbonvanilla 
X
"Get the fuck up Ariel!"
 I heard from down stairs. But me being me I just ignore my stepdads voice, because come on why should I listen to some old man that isn't my real father.  Because that's not me.
"ARIEL ALEXIS VERCETTI GET UP BEFORE I GO UP THERE AND POUR FUCKIN ICE WATER ON YOU!!"  
'Oh fuck' 
 better get up because I hate...I mean HATE when he says my full name.
 "I'm up you don't have to say my full name because you're not my FUCKIN DAD YOU OLD HAG!!!" 
So here I am putting my ripped jeans and my black sweater and brushing my teeth  and doing my regular basis and now I'm down stairs looking at the oven clock saying  7:55 meaning only 5 minutes to get to school.
 "Why do you disrespect me but not your mother that practically throws shit at you when she gets home?!" My stepdad Sam asked.
 "Because I'm not the one that split my mothers  marriage apart. And I don't have to listen to you because you're not my real FATHER!" 
After that I left the house grabbing my keys for my Honda Cbr 600. And arriving at school and 8:02. Great now some wonderful lecture  from my English teacher now. 
I'm walking down the hall seeing that it's mostly all empty except for some druggies. Like come on, you can't a least wait till lunch to smoke?
 Even though I'm a bad girl, or at least that's what people say about me, which I'm perfectly fine about, i don't do drugs. I think it's a waste of time and you're just killing yourself slowly everyday. 
 Once I reached room 254 I make a scene by slamming the door wide open and making the door hit the wall. 
"Ahh miss Vercetti, care to explain why you're late?" Mr.Smith asked. He's in his late 80's, like hurry up and retire, no one likes dinosaur teachers anymore.
 "Nope." I made sure to pop the "p" in the end. I can tell that ticked him off because he's face turn red like a tomato. He was saying something about disrespecting him, but I didn't bother to listen  so I took my seat in the back row and waited till he started again. I may be a bad girl that's 17, but I need grades to graduate senior year.
Well guys that was the first chapter I hoped you enjoyed. Sorry it's short I promise the chapters will be longer.  I will be updating soon. See you guys soon
[sidenote: before you comment, yes the gods are all siblings. But when you study Greek mythology in the critical and literal sense I have, you will discover that they are not siblings in the literal or technical sense. Also remember, creative license and ingenuity :-)))))]
Prologue
"Brother, listen to me."
The dark-haired man slowly turned his gaze to the other, his midnight eyes empty. His reply was constrained by years of turmoil. "What?"
His brother sighed, his voice heavy. "Do not look at me like that. We are as upset about this as you are."
"How can you say that? How can you look me in the eye and say that?"
"How were we to know?" The other's brow furrowed in frustration. "You did not show any indication. You still don't now. It's a rather frustrating quirk of yours."
"Forgive me then." His voice was lathered in sarcasm. "I did not realise it was all my fault."
"Hades please." His brother preached him with his eyes, his features weary. "Don't be like that. We are trying our best to apologize. What else do you want?"
"You know what I want Zeus." Hades' voice was soft, his eyes flashing with pain. 
Zeus' shoulders drooped, as if those six words bore a heavy burden on his shoulders. "And you know we can't do anything about that Hades. She is gone."
"Yes, I am very aware of that fact." Hades' voice clouded with anger, and he turned away, his hands shoved firmly in his trouser pockets. "I unfortunately had the opportunity to helplessly witness her escape, watch as her eyes fill with unfiltered hatred as soon as she saw me. It was not my favourite moment, I have to say." 
"We cannot understand your pain, I realise this now." Zeus placed his hand on his brother's shoulder. "But we hope to alleviate it somewhat."
"How?"
"We have a proposition."
"Yes, because your propositions end so well." Hades' voice practically dripped with venomous sarcasm. 
Zeus gave him a look. "Come now Hades. You know we never intended for it to end the way it did. Our new proposition is not without consideration to that. You and I both know that you cannot rule alone, and we all don't want you going through any more pain than you already have. Already you're forgetting your duties - we can all see that; you'll fade if you continue like this. And we all cannot stand seeing you so despairing and lonely. Not even the King of Dead deserves that."
"You're not going to give up until I listen are you?" His voice was subdued, quiet.
Zeus smiled. "Of course not."
"Fine." Hades sighed, sounding tired. "What is it?"
"We're allowing you to find a queen. A mortal, this time. Perhaps the presence of a soul will allow for more compassion and understanding." Zeus adds, before his voice deepened with the omittance of a referendum. "You will know who she is when you see her; for she will have hair that is light as autumn and eyes as green as emeralds. She will stay with you for six months and six months only. If she falls for you without the force of a god acting upon her, and she chooses to, then she will stay in the Underworld and help you rule. If any of these rules are broken however, then our proposition ends. She must be willing to agree to your terms Hades, nor know anything about this proposal. Most importantly, this mortal must not be forced into it like she was, or it may well end in a way you do not care to see."
"You're telling me I must ask another girl to try and love me, the God of Death?" Hades' voice was tinted with incredulity. "Even a goddess could not bring herself to; what makes you think a mortal will?"
Zeus smiled benignly at his brother. "Mortals can be surprisingly compassionate Hades. You have only seen them when they are dead, or when they are in their Elysium. When they are living they are quite different."
"You are still asking me to request them to do exactly what she did." Hades closed off again, his eyes blank. "I will not put another through what she did, see them suffer. I may be a god but I am not immune to pain."
"And I will not watch you let yourself fade away because of what happened. We may not be related by blood but we are still family Hades. I still consider you my brother." Zeus spoke sternly. "Which means we have reached a stalemate that you know I will easily win."
Hades' eyebrows shot up. "Are you really blackmailing me brother?"
The air around Zeus seemed to darken and crackle with power as his face grew serious. "Yes I am Hades. But I am doing it for your own good." 
Hades sighed, his shoulders slumping. "Fine. One more girl. After that I refuse to hurt anyone else."
Zeus couldn't stop the relief from showing on his wise features, and he placed a reassuring hand on his brother's shoulder. "It will work out this time Hades. You just need to find the right girl."
---
Summary:
Zoe Baker is 16. She and her father have always been close, he's the only person she's ever trusted. Then, Zoe's father has to move to Wyoming. Worse off, he doesn't have the money to bring Zoe with him. He sends Zoe to live with a friend, Rob Walker. What Zoe isn't told is that Rob has 7 children, all boys. Now Zoe has to learn how to live with the heart throbs of her new high school. Not only are these boys super adorable, but they're players. Can Zoe survive this crazy new life that she's been thrust into?

I am aware that my title is similiar to that of the Walter Boys (by fallzswimmer). I have already contacted the author about this, and the whole situation has been handled. Thank you for your concern.

This book is part of a series. This book is the first in the series. The order is as follows:
1) Living with the Walker Boys
2) Here to Win

There are two versions of Here to Win, the original and the rewrite. You can choose which one you'd like to read, they both have the same basic plot line and will essentially end the same. They're just written differently.

*Disclaimer: I wrote this book 4 years ago. I was immature and a different person. There are times in this book when the word "gay" is used as an insult and there are times when people of different races act in their stereotypes. I will eventually go through and edit this, but until then just know that I do not endorse this. Thank you.

The Artist and the Dancer
                  
All Rights Reserved©
Started Monday, September 21, 2015
||This story is a spin off to 'The Bad Boy and The Tomboy'. I highly suggest you read TBBATTB but you can also read this as a standalone it doesn't really matter...at least I don't think so. Warning: swearing- like always, maybe minor cliffhangers etc etc...|| 
Beautiful cover by; @goingtocamphalfblood I lovee it!!! This first chapter is dedicated to you : ) 
But whole story dedicated to my weird best friend Sarah. You're annoying asf but I love you dumbass. 
Chapter One: "Scam On The Back of A Cereal Box."
"SYDNEY, HAVE YOU finished unpacking?" My mom yelled from the living room. The apartment had smelt like mothballs now it smelt like vanilla, my mom's favorite scent. 
I looked around my room. The beige paint on the walls was something I knew I didn't want to bother saving money up to change it. Part of the wall was covered with posters of inspirational dancing posters and a bulletin board that had a whiteboard calendar. My small bed twin bed was kind of big (not really) enough for 5'8 height with a light blue cover. 
The rest of the room contained my stuff, my clothes sorted thoroughly in the closet and my things organized on my small desk and drawer next to my bed. But some of my other things were in a box for the shelf that was coming later this week. "Yeah I think so."
"Then would you mind checking the mail for me downstairs?" She said. I can hear her footsteps coming up the tiny hall she had put pictures of me with or without her on. Most of them were of me at my competitions, dancing my heart out since I was three. 
My mom opened the door and looked at me, sitting on my bed. She had a small smile on her delicate face. I've been told that I mostly look like her constantly and I see it. Her background from Dominican Republic and South African descent made her skin color look almost like a dark caramel. But for me I was a bit lighter because my father was of Filipino descent. 
I stood up, packing my thick, extremely really curly hair into a messy ponytail. "I'll go." 
Walking, past her 5'4 figure I headed into the living room, grabbing the keys from the counter. The small place was a big adjustment from our big townhouse back in Toronto. Moving to this town was a big change too besides not seeing my friends and my dance crew. I knew some things would never change though like my mom wanting to know where I am at all times. She was protective. 
I looped my fingers through the key hole as I walked out the door, closing it behind me. I walked down the hall, the smell of food hitting my nostrils as some family left their apartment door open. I clicked the down button for the elevator before hearing the familiar ringtone coming from my phone. 
I took it out of my pocket. It wasn't anything special in fact it was a Blackberry Bold. I answered the call, pressing the phone to my ear. "Hey Wesley." 
I could practically hear the smile in his voice. "Hey Sid, how's the new life?" 
"It's going great." I said dry humor in my voice as I see the elevator light button turn off signaling that the elevator was here. 
One of the two doors opened and I stepped inside the empty elevator. When the doors closed I turned around, facing the dirty mirror on the other side. "Did you get the job?" 
MAJOR NOTE
If you are looking for a perfect book, with no grammar issues, no phrasing issues, and sometimes getting a characters name off. 
Then I recommend you stop reading now.
I am not a perfect writer, not by any means. There are going to be mistakes, and if you can't take that, maybe you shouldn't be reading on Wattpad. Because this a place to LEARN and not to BE PERFECT. If you're a perfect writer, send me a link to your published book and I'd be happy to read it.  
I have heard the whole "If you can't take it, then don't put your books in public."  crap. 
There is a difference between CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM ans just CRITICISM. 
There are so many writers on here that don't know the difference, and if you're one of them, please refrain from reading this or any other book on her that isn't actually physically published. Because everybody makes mistakes, even Dan Brown and Stephen King and Stephine Meyer.
For those of you that are the great people that don't put people's work down, continue on! I'd love to hear your opinion. You guys are great. 
Thanks for your consideration
ChasingMadness24 (Kyra)


This idea is inspired by one of my old books called Before I Go, but it was twisted and turned a little. I hope you enjoy!



Copyright





Love you!
~ChasingMadness24
Just another cliché story about how the straight jock falls for the nerd.
The only difference is, the nerd is hard to get.
                  
I'm literally going to go along with this story guys. I don't even think it will be as long as TBBATTB I did it because I felt like the story was incomplete and because Sarah (smendez2000 ) is a VERY persuasive person apparently. Thank her people...
So dedicated to @ameeyzslife because she thought of the first maybe official maybe not title of the sequel so thanks love : )
Okay so like always...read and no the chapter title is probably not what you are thinking of lol. 
THE SUN WAS so fricking bright, I  was mentally dying. I could feel the heat through my eyelids. My bed was comfy and I wrapped the comforter around me tighter, trying to gain even more heat. But I could relish in my own moment because something always had to ruin this. God, the bane of my existence has literally entered the room and disturb my sleep. Okay maybe he wasn't the bane but he was surely something. 
"No, no, no. Get him out." I groaned into my pillow, shifting my head away from the voice. It was too early for this. I only had two classes today and my first class wasn't till ten. It was probably minutes before nine since I heard another voice whom had her class at this time.
"Macy." My roommate, Maddy said sighing. She was probably tired of hearing me go through this almost every single morning. It wasn't my fault that I actually liked and favored my sleep especially since I wasn't as jetlagged as I was weeks ago.   
"No, I don't want to see him. Not now." I muttered again. 
"Hazel you said that yesterday and the day before and the day before. I figured you of all people would be very happy to see me." His voice said behind me. 
"Okay I'm going to class before you two start doing whatever you're planning on doing. Bye Mace!" 
"Bye!" I yelled into my pillow as I heard the door close. 
Beside me on my small bed I heard and felt shuffling. The bed dipped on one side and my blanket rose off of me. He pressed himself against me, his body heat radiating from his body. With my eyes still shut, I leaned back into his presence, wrapping myself into his scent. He always smelled really good. 
He wrapped his strong arms around me, pushing my hair away and kissing the back of my neck. I felt his natural I-want-to-rake-my-fingers-through-his-hair hair tickle the back of my neck. "Morning." 
"What do you want?" I muttered, putting my arms over his. 
"I come with food for you." He practically sang and I leaped out of his arms. 
"Where?" I asked quickly, looking down at him as he stared up at me smugly. 
Samuel Henry Cahill. 
There were a lot of things people used to call him. A bad boy. A player. Aggressive. Egotistic. And while he was some of those words, he was my idiot of a boyfriend with vivid green eyes and very curly hair that was currently spread around his face and some strands on his forehead. He was extremely good looking and he knew it. He was an amazing soccer player even though now that we were living in Manchester he said football all the time. But all in all he was a great guy.
He wasn't perfect but he was to me even when he had the decency to lie about food in my dorm room.Idiot.
"There's no food.There's no pancakes or waffles not even a sausage or bacon." I muttered, narrowing my eyes at him. 
It's Monday morning and going to school has it's perks. Especially when you're a senior in high school and the most popular girl too. As I turn my annoying alarm off and flop out of bed i brush my teeth then take a warm shower.
"Elizabeth hurry you're going to be late!" My mom says yelling from down stairs. 
"Coming mom" I yell back. I quickly put on my dark skinny jeans with a white blouse and a navy cardigan. As I brush out my long brown curly hair I quickly add winged eyeliner and a coat of mascara. I add a little color to my face by putting on my favorite blush and add some chap stick. 
As I take one last look at myself in my big mirror i hurry off down stairs. My mom is dressed in her usual uniform for her job. As I gather my things I get my keys say goodbye to my mom and hop into my car. 
Once I arriving at my destination I get my things and lock my car. My stomach rumbles. I really should have eaten something for breakfast. I walk towards the main doors and get several winks from random guys. Ok now settle down people settle down. 
Ashley and I are kind of like the top girls in school that you don't wanna mess with. 
"So guess what?" She said shutting her locker. "We have a test in pre cal and I heard it sucks ass. Everyone's failing it." She threw her arms up in the air. "I swear I might as well just be a stripper!" 
I laugh as I see people staring at her weirdly. "Relax you'll do fine," I tell her while closing my locker. 
"Easy for you to say you're smart. I'm not!" Says the one that's in almost every AP class. 
"Kiss me." He orders, slamming my locker shut. 
"Is she coming?" I ask, turning my head to look behind me but he grabs my face and makes me look up at him. 
"Yes, now kiss me." 
I do as told, getting on my tippy toes as I lean up to kiss him. 
He kisses me back slowly, before he pins me against the lockers and deepens the kiss. My eyes widen and I try to push him away. 
This isn't part of the deal. 
He pulls away, a full on smirk plastered on his face. "I lied." He confesses, turning around. "She wasn't coming." Then he walks away. 
* * * 
Sapphire Adams was just looking for a place to stay while her dad was out of the country. The only available place that was the cheapest was Ian Hawthorn's place - the school's football captain. They make the rules when she moves in and the number one rule is that they will never become anything more than just housemates. But it all changes when he gets cheated on and seeks revenge, making a deal with Sapphire in the process.
Oh, one more thing; they have a past. 
* * *
Trigger warning: eating disorders. 
I don't mean to offend anyone whatsoever, I hope you can still enjoy this book either way. 
Also, most of the places I will mention will be made up and if some sound familiar to an actual place or if it actually is a real life place, it is simply coincidental. 
It's A Deal. ©2016, Kimmy Hers. All Rights Reserved.
(The link to the trailer is in the external link or you can also check on my bio, I have it written on there as well)
Hi guys!! KittyKat here 🖐🏻.  This is my new story. I hope you will enjoy reading it. 
I'll try and make it as interesting as I possibly can. But one thing I need to tell you people is that I'll update only once in twin weeks as I am a still studying and am busy as hell. So I'll probably update on Fridays or Saturdays.  SO GUYS!! 
S.T.A.Y  T.U.N.E.D!!!!!!
And please leave a lot of comments because you know I love them very much and they brighten up my day. 
Also about the suggestions. Message me anytime you want to suggest something. You can share your ideas with me. 
You all are most most welcome to make covers for me. 
Others I'll be posting later.  
Battle of the Captains"Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind."They say that the boy you love, hate and can't live without is the same person. Well, I'm not sure I can say that they're wrong but I don't think I can say that they're right either.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 It started out as a game.
 She's everything a girl wants to be. He's everything a girl wants. As head cheerleader and quarterback, Kody Taylor and Austin Collins would normally be expected to be together with them being the schools Mr. and Ms. Perfect. Lucky for all the single boys and girls in their school, it'll never happen. They hate each other and they aren't afraid to show it. Not like it'll ruin their reputations anyway. If anything, it makes it better beacause people seem to enjoy the show. Will things change when they have to work together to keep their positions as head cheerleader and football captain? All their lives, everything between them has been just a competition. A challenge. A game. But what happens when it isn't just a game anymore? 
Do not copy my work please :) 
Luke: 22, oldest, brown hair, hazel eyes. 
Kael: 19, brown hair, green and hazel eyes. 
Ryan: 19, brown hair, bright blue eyes. 
Carter: 18, dirty blond hair, green eyes
Colton: 18, twin of Carter, dirty blond hair, green eyes (they look exactly alike)
Daniel: 17, dark brown hair, brown eyes. 
Weston: 16, twin of Isabella, blue and green eyes, brown hair. 
Isabella: 16, long brown hair, blue and gray eyes.
Picture of Crystal⬆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆∆Crystal's P.O.V
I wake up to the sound of my dad knocking on my black veil brides postered door.
"Princess wake up it's time to go"
I groan loudly
"Your don't want to be late do u?
When My Dad said that I realized that today was my first day at school.You see the reason I had to move from my old school to this school was because someone found out that I was the world renown street fighter "Toxic Paralyzer" and blabbed to the whole school , so everyone was scared of me and kept their distance, but i managed to keel the whole school's mouth shut by a threat they know i would do, i was naned the "Toxic Paralyzer" becuase when i strike my enemy once with a blow on any part of there body , that part of their body gets paralyzed and almost never recovers, now you know why there aren't as many street fighters now a' days.
And with that thought I got ready for school, i put on my usual pair of joggers , a big oversized sweater (so that nobody can see my sexy stomach shape), i put on my round classes, a messy bun, pearl earings my best friend gave me,and for the finising touch i added greenish contacts.
This is not how i usually look, I am 16,so i'm like a junior ( i think) i usually have light hazel eyes with redish brownish( although i dyded it, my usual hair color is blonde) hair , and i have soft peach colored plump lips,  Speaking of school I ONLY Have 20 minutes till school starts.
I slide downstairs(yes Slide)
"Morning my ray of sunshine"
"Morning Mom"
I grab a piece of toast and head outside 
The butler is waiting outside the limo (did i forget to mention my family is like super duper rich)My dad is a pro-wrestler, plus he owns arenas all over the world, My mom is also a retired street fighter , but right now she fights in my dad's arenas and models, my family knows that I am a street fighter and they are ok with it.
"I am going to just ride my bike to school- nevermind im going to walk"
My bike isn't your ordinary bike, it has boosters and it is electrically controlled.
"Bye Mr.Cuforton(the butler's name) 
"Oh heavens no , Ms.Crystal i can not possibly make you walk to school"
"Mr.Cuforton it's ok im trying to act normal"
"Ok how about this, i drive you to your school , but I drop you off in the back so noone can see you"
"Fiiiiiiiiine, that'll work too" 
ELLA:Me llamo Alex Lisdey tengo 14 años. Mi madre se llama Marcela y mi padre Diego.Les voy a contar algo de mi vida. A mis 10 años mis padres se separaron por qué mi padre engañaba a mi madre con otra mujer por lo que yo me quedé con mi madre pero no todo estuvo bien. A los dos meses ella se sentía mal , muy mal y fue al doctor. El le encontró una enfermedad incurable y le quedaba un mes de vida.En todo ese mes no me separé ni un segundo de ella hasta que diera su último respiró y morir. Cuándo esa hermosa persona se fue dejandome sola tuve que ir con mi padre que al segundo que se separó de mi madre se fue con su nueva mujer Josefina. Josefina tenía un hijo que al instante en que cruzamos miradas nos odiamos y ese rencor duró un año entero. El se fue a un Internado que nose como se llama porque nunca me intereso en lo absoluto y desdé entonces nunca lo vi.Con mis 14 años tras 4 años de la muerte de mi madre sigo viviendo con Diego y Josefina. Yo a ella le guardo odio por qué por su culpa mis padres se separaron y mi madre se enfermo.Soy una chica buena con la gente que se lo merece y mala con la que no , digamos que soy media rebelde pero las personas que me conocen en serio saben que sólo lo hago cuándo creo que algo es injusto e imperdonable.
EL:Me llamo Franco Furter tengo 15 años. Mis padres se llaman Josefina y mi padre Guillermo.Bueno les voy a contar un poco de mi historia. Cuándo tenía apenas 11 años mis padres se separaron por una infidelidad de mi madre con otro hombre por lo tanto mi padre al no resistir verla con otro se mudo a Jujuy y nunca lo vi. Me manda cartas pero nunca se las contestó , también mensajes. Al irse me tuve que quedar con mi mamá , su nuevo esposo que se llama Diego y su hija que no la quiero , ni ella a mi y que al mirarnos ya nos declaramos la guerra.Por la bronca que tenía a mis 12 años me fui a un Internado. No me gustaba está nueva familia y no quería a los dos integrantes nuevos. A Diego lo odio con todo mi corazón porque por su culpa mis padres se separaron. Como verán ya tengo 15 años hace 4 años que no veo a mi madre , Diego o Alex y será mejor que esto siga así. Yo soy un chico rebelde , un chico malo , un popular que trata a todos mal. Menos a mis amigos claro. Mi Internado se llama Internado Goryer de San Isidro y digamos que es buenisimo estar acá porque no hay padres que te manden ni nada sólo putos profesores que nos queman las cabezas con enseñanzas inútiles. Me preguntó porque nos enseñan matemáticas si yo no pienso hacer nada que se trate de números.
  
Vanessa's POV
Lost and broken, people lie as time goes by.
Silent whispers and footsteps.
I sighed as I turned a page of my book. 
Twisted souls and damaged minds.
Everyone's having the perfect life whilst I'm just here reading a book.
Hopeless, dejected and isolated. 
I take a sip of my water.
It was meant to give me a crisp taste but it seems like its all a lie.
Everything's a lie.
I grabbed my book and walked silently leaving my water bottle in the darkness.
Pathetic, stupid and heartless.
I carefully observed my surroundings before walking back to my dorm room.
I didn't want to see anyone. 
I wanted to remain unknown. 
Quietly I pulled my hood up and started walking quickly.
That's when I bumped into someone, someone who I didn't expect to see in 3 months.
***
Well its short but I want to give you guys a taste of what's coming next. It's bitter yet sweet.
Until next time ;)
Vote and comment :)
Note: I was very young when I started this story so this story holds a good amount of grammatical errors, but I'm editing slowly. You've been warned!The first few chapters don't make sense.I was 13 and horny so don't kill me, lolI really appreciate that you chose to read this story. Enjoy!
This chapter is dedicated to Paeesha for the awesome story idea thank you.
Excuse the mistakes________________
I woke up with my alarm clock exploding my eardrums the third time. I finally sighed and got off my bed. This was awkward the alarm clock's ringing the third time and dad hasn't made an effort to shout at me that I'll be late for school. I turned my head to see a photo frame with a picture of mom and me. "I miss you so much" I whispered sitting on my bed. 
My mom died due to lung cancer when I was eight. From that day till now I've not faced any step mother thanks to my dad he took care of me all alone. But, what's wrong? is he not well? I'm already late for school but, he still didn't showed up.
I closed the door behind me started walking downstairs. "Dad?" I shouted, finally walking towards the living room and to my surprise there was already three strangers present in my house. Only one person was sitting on the couch and the other two were standing like bodyguards
"Who are you?" I said softly because apparently I was really scared and I didn't have a good feeling about this.
"Oh well young lady, my name is Jerico Robins." The man sitting on the couch said with a smile.
"Where's my dad?" I asked politely and he frowned.
"Well, you don't know? Your dad took a huge amount from me a few months ago and when it's time to repay he's not showing up more often. We came in hope that you'll tell us but, since you don't know" He said and stood up. "...you're coming with us." He said proudly before both of his bodyguards took hold of my arms. What was he talking about? Dad borrowed money and where is he now? Did he even told me about this? Well the answer is clearly No but, who was this guy Jerico? A lot of questions were twirling in my mind.
"I'm not going anywhere, where's my dad?" I snapped trying to get my arms off their grip, but the it just tightened.
"I don't know where's your father, when he finally decides to come back and pay the amount he can come and take you, till then your coming with us." He said with a tight frown. I hate you dad.
One of the bodyguards pushed me into the back seat of a shiny black limousine and sat next to me gripping my hand tightly so, I wasn't able to do anything but, scream. "Hey! Let go" I screamed loudly. " Look, Mr Jerico my dad will come and pay the amount but, please let me go, I have a life, I can't miss school please!!" I requested politely silent tears rushing down my cheeks.
"Sorry darling" Does he think he can do anything? kidnapping anyone, ruining someone's teenage years and I don't even know when dad will decide to come back. What if someone rapes me? or I don't get anything to eat? That's the worse I can go through.
The car finally stopped and the door opened revealing a cream coloured mansion standing in front of me. "Oh my god!" I muttered under my breath and the bodyguards opened the door pushing me into the big mansion.
"Maria?" Jerico shouted as he stepped inside the mansion. "Maria?"
That's when a lady wearing a pink frock with a white apron showed up. She must've been 42 to 50 years old and still managed to look beautiful. "Yes sir? She asked politely.
"This girl will now work here and will help you with cleaning and other chores." He pushed me towards her. "She's our new maid." I glared at him sharply and he just shrugged it off walking out of the mansion. "I'll be up in a week" He said turning around and walking out of the mansion as his bodyguards followed him.
*Note: Thank you for deciding to read The Bad Boy's Girl, I really hope that you guys enjoy the story! That said you might find the grammar a little lacking in the first two or three chapters and I apologize for that. I've tried editing it but due to a glitch, the changes never get made. You'll find the grammar much better from the third/fourth chapter onwards so please excuse any mistakes that you do find :)
- Introduction-
Mom and Dad are at it again and I can hear their shouts through the thin almost paper like walls that our house has. They are still under the impression that if they shout downstairs I wouldn’t be able to hear them.Yet sadly for them and for me I can hear each and every word crystal clear.
But that’s what they do. They fight up to the point where they want to tear each other’s hair out and then go to their room. Lately, however my dad has taken to sleeping in the guest bedroom which he sneaks out of every morning before I go to school.
He thinks I don’t know but I do.
I know that things are bad between my parents but they’ll never leave each other. They’re stubborn like that. I get that from them, the stubbornness I mean but I really do hope I’m never put in a situation like theirs.
Though I don’t have to worry about finding someone I love and then ending up hating them because the guy I love will never love me. He’s too busy being in love with Nikki the hoe.
Oh wait let me rewind and tell you exactly why Nikki’s a hoe.
Nicole Andrea Bishop aka the reason behind every bad thing in my life is my ex-best friend and vice captain of the varsity dance team. I have know her since kindergarten when everything was rainbows and butterflies and sharing a cup of Jell-O meant that we were BFF’s. Truly that’s what Nikki and I were for about ten years.
Then High School happened and turned her into the spawn of Satan.
Gone was the girl who used to braid my hair because I was physically incapable of doing so. Gone was the girl who stayed up all night with me helping me prepare for the nightmare that was my French final in junior high. Gone was the girl who had dinner with my family every Saturday night before we started our weekly Gilmore Girls marathon.
By the time freshman year ended she had been possessed by the spirit of Regina George and I was that pesky fly that kept hovering near her. I fought to keep our friendship alive I truly did but there was only so much my ego could take.
This is the part where I tell you that I used to be fat. Oh and when I mean fat I don’t mean the kind of fat where you could wear skinny jeans and crop tops yet still find it in yourself to criticize those few extra pounds.
I weighed one hundred and ninety-eight pounds which was more than both my mother and father and perhaps all of Abraham Lincoln High School. I was that girl who wore sweatpants and hoodies with my converse. But before you begin to pity me let me tell you that I was never conscious about my weight in fact I was pretty okay with it. I didn’t diet I didn’t exercise (much to my mother’s chagrin) and I didn’t sacrifice animals so that the gods would miraculously make me shed all my weight. I ate what I wanted I stayed inside watching Gossip Girl on my laptop and in school I was ignored, not bullied but ignored.
Then Nicole joined the dance team and suddenly everyone hated me.
I can still hear them you know the catcalls and hushed (well not so hushed) whispers as Nicole and I would pass the other students.
‘What was a hottie like Nicole Andrea Bishop doing with a girl like me?’
‘Why didn’t Nicole just get ride of the extra weight?’
Hi everyone,
Confessions of a Teenage Caffeine Addict will be undergoing some major plot edits in the near future, so if you've already read this book once and want to see the changes/fall in love all over again, please feel free to reread and send me all of your emotions (by comments, PM, or FedEx). I know there are a ton of plot holes and other things that need to be tied up, so I plan on doing that. Also... I have a few new ideas I'm gonna put into COATCA as well, so stay tuned for that as well. 
Huge shoutout to everyone who has supported, commented, voted, and PM'd me about this book. Thank you for making me think about life in new ways. I always love hearing your ideas and points of view on things. Without all of the love and encouragement, I wouldn't have been able to finish this book and, for that, you guys totally rock.
To everyone reading this book for the first time: I hope you fall in love with the characters as much as I have. 

Happy Reading (:
Cheers and much love,
Elizabeth ☀
Description: Emily Winston has returned back home after spending a year in London. She comes home to her shared apartment with her twin brother, Emmett, to find that Emmett has offered his best friend, Parker Adams, a room in their apartment. Parker & Emily struggle to get along, including daily squabbles and constant insults. How will Emily survive living with Parker Adams?
*Trigger Warning: This book deals with Anorexia and self-harm.
1) My Brother's Best Friend
2) Jefferson Lake (Lee's Spin-Off)
3) Before There Was Us (MBBF Prequel)
4) And So It Continues
Hope you guys enjoy my new story!
-Rachel
And because of all the confusion & controversy, I want to clear this up now. Parker is a Senior in high school (the 12th grade). Emily & Emmett are Juniors in high school (the 11th grade). I hope this helps you going into the story, because it's led to a huge debate in the comments. Sorry for not actually putting that in the story, it was in my head the whole time. Mistake on my part.
My Brother's Best Friend is also available as an interactive game on Episode.
I was thinking that the Harries brother's could be Nate(left) and Lee (right)?
---------------------------------------------------------------------
You know that feeling of heartbreak that never really goes away? Like a piece of the puzzle is missing? Like you don't think you can ever continue with your life now it's gone?
Well, that was how I was feeling as I downed my scolding coffee and made my way out of Starbucks as quickly as possible. The December air is cold and crisp, much like my icy attitude. Early Christmas shoppers line the narrow, doll-like streets- hoping to be the first to complete the endless Christmas list. I don't bother rushing around; Christmas isn't my favourite time of the year anymore. 
Yesterday, I loved Christmas. I loved the Christmas cheer and the carol singer's that line England's streets. I love the smell of pine trees and the late nights. Yesterday was perfectly fine as I exited the college grounds- my arm linked with my boyfriends, Miles. We chatted excitedly about our holiday plans as we neared my house. I planted a soft kiss on Miles' cheek as an attempt of a goodbye and waved him off as I opened the door. I was grinning from ear-to-ear as I walked into he kitchen ready to tell my mother how well my first term of Starkford College had gone.
My smile dropped. My heart stopped. My mother was sprawled across the kitchen island in the most undignified way. A random man had his tongue shoved down the throat and his hands all over her. I felt sick to my stomach as I backed out of the room- tears threatening to spill from my eyes. But I wouldn't let them show, even though I was screaming on the inside.
Because I have a dad and that wasn't him.
My dad was on an emergency business trip for two days (and still is now) in France, and despite him being so close to England- he felt a million miles away; even more so in that moment. He was working hard- even though my mother did too- and she was hiring escorts while he was away. Tears streamed down my face; even though I said I wouldn't let them fall.
I had once had everything: Perfect grades, perfect attendance, perfect school record and a perfect family. They were what I prided myself in. It was all turned to rubble the minute I set foot in that kitchen. 
I could feel the vomit rising up the more I thought about what they had done before I'd even arrived home. I ran into the bathroom and puked up. I didn't know what else to do, because things like this don't happen in my family. King's aren't cheats.
I guess that's not true anymore.
After my heart and food had been chocked out to the point of non-existence, I ran to the nearest Starbucks and ordered the most caffeinated drink they had on the menu.
Today I did the same thing. I avoided eye contact with my mother and made my way to Starbucks. Tomorrow I will do the same thing. For most people, alcohol makes them forget their past, their mistakes and their ghosts. But mine is coffee. Because if I drink enough of it, I'm too jittery to remember what the day of the week is.
I continue to wander the streets, wishing to get lost so I won't have to go home. But the universe doesn't work that way because soon I'm stood in front of my house, praying that someone will save me. Because if I see her fake smile and her fake laugh and watch her feed me bullshit one more time- I will break down.
I hate liars, I hate cheaters and right now- I hate my mum too.
Lee bounces out of the house next to mine; his house. He glances my way for a millisecond, his green eyes twinkling with concern. I smile reassuringly but he races towards me and wraps me in a hug anyway. I'm grateful for the gesture and I wrap my arms around him in return. We pull away and he runs a hand through his dark tousled hair. There is no denying that he is attractive- his eyes are so intense that they draw you in but never want to let you go. I smile weakly and try to put together a decent sentence that won't involve me having a break-down. "I...My....can I stay round yours for the rest of the holiday?" I ask. Lee smiles at me and it fills my heart with warmth you just can't replace. "Of course," he says pulling me into a side hug and steering me towards his house. "You're the greatest friend I could ever have." I exclaim, ignoring the tear that has fallen down my cheek.
He knocks on the door just once and Lee's mother opens it with a wide smile that's so friendly- I can't help but smile back. "Ellie, we were wondering when you were planning to drop by." She opens the door and Lee pushes me through.
The smell of home made cookies fills my nostrils and that's when I know. This will always be my home.
I'm home.
---------------------------------------------------------
So I included a introduction here because I thought that Ellie wasn't a character that really had a "back story" if you will. This kind of upset my because I'd never even thought of a story for her. I hope you like the characters and I know that the first chapter will be confusing but- this IS six months before anything in the book actually happens.
If you enjoyed this chapter please consider voting or commenting because it really brightens my day :)
I know this isn't my best but I tried and it was really hard to write an introduction when I'd already started the story.
Xoxo
lilac x
A sharp clink of metal in the cold, night air had my back stiffening and my breathing become sporadic as I froze, slowly lifting my hands above my head, palms out in surrender as if my life depended on it. 
Because it did. 
I didn't have the chance to prepare myself when the deafening shot rang out. The breath was knocked out of my lungs as my legs were swept out from underneath me, crashing my body to the snow ridden ground where I laid motionless with my eyes squeezed shut. 
As soft as a cloud, the snow welcomed me in its embrace, billowing all around me in some twisted form of a coffin. In that moment, I believed I was in heaven, floating on a cloud as my soul continued on the beginning of its infinitesimal journey in the afterlife.
I waited for the excruciating pain in my back that was bound to ignite after sinking a bullet to that very spot, but there was not an ounce of pain. 
Was I in shock? Was I already dead?
My arms laid trapped under my body, giving me a sense of mild discomfort. Wiggling my fingers, I planted my hands on the frozen ground and gave a mighty shove, rolling over on my back to once again be blessed by the moonlight. 
Upon the sudden realization dawned on me that I wasn't dead, my body bucked, bolting straight up as I miraculously climbed to my feet. The snow easily rose to my knees, beckoning me back down to my casket where I had risen from the dead.
Another thought occurred to me; if the bullet hadn't hit me, then where had it gone? I hadn't even heard the whizzing of the bullet passing my body had it obviously missed.
I spun around in a circle, eyes critically scanning the immediate area around me for the gunman. When I couldn't see anyone, I knew that was just as dangerous had I actually caught sight of the sniper. 
Adrenaline kicked in my bloodstream, giving my legs the strength to pummel through the knee-high snow as if it were made of feathers as the fight-or-flight response kicked in, sending me far away from the danger.
I didn't make it very far before my body collided with a sturdy wall I hadn't been able to see without the source of light the lampposts should have been providing on campus. 
The fact that I knew the school grounds like the back of my hand and was still able to ram right into the side of building proved just how terrified I was. 
I tumbled to the ground once again getting buried beneath the shocking cold of the snow only to sit up moments later to find a scene that would forever be burned in my mind.
Sitting against the brick wall of the high school building, a boy with hair a shade darker than the snow he sat in, had his finger inched along the trigger of the sleek, black pistol positioned in his mouth.
I felt my legs wobble as if they were made of jelly, and almost lost purchase on the ground as his finger continued to move closer to the trigger. 
 A fire ignited in my veins, spurning my body into action without permission from my brain. Reacting without the ability to logically think through the situation, I dove after the boy and tackled him to the ground, knocking the gun from his mouth.
Falling right through the snow, my back painfully landed on the layer of ice beneath it. I felt the ice shudder under my weight before shattering as I laid there, trying to catch my breath which was near to impossible when a second weight was adding pressure on top of me. 
During the school hours, she stays hidden: good grades, never gets in trouble, casual clothing, the usual. No one noticed her, and that's the way she wanted to keep it.
After school was an entirely different story. Any time she was out of that dreaded building, she was a badass: leather jackets, secrets, fights, vandalizing, pranks, parties, you name it.
She'd kept her extra activities well hidden, until three out of four of the school's assholes happened to stumble upon her after school.
CYRUS, TYLER, and JAY decide to strike a deal with Skye. During school, nothing changes. They're till assholes to her and anyone else they come across, and she's still the same shy girl that no one notices. After school, they'll all hang out, and she'll be their Secret Girl.
There's one fault in this plan, and it's name is RYDER WILLIAMS. Ryder is the 'leader' of the four boys and hates Skye. What happens when he finds out and his feelings for the loner start to change?
DISCLAIMER: 
I wrote this book when I was about 15-16 years old. This was the first ever book I wrote on Wattpad that wasn't fanfiction. The plot is incredibly cliché and it has loads of plot holes. The character development is awful and the entire book makes me cringe as I read it. 
I'm currently in the process of rewriting this book and I'll upload all of the chapters once they're done – that might take me 2 months or 2 years, who knows. But in the mean time the original version of the book will be on Wattpad. 
If you think this is a bad book, I totally understand you. Please feel free to check out my other stories as I've grown as a writer and my writing style has developed drastically. My other books are way better than this one. 
Don't say I didn't warn you. 
But if you want to read this book, then go ahead and do so. And for all the old readers, I hope you're happy that this version is back on Wattpad :)
Feel free to comment to let me know if you're a first time reader or a re-reader. 
Hope you enjoy this crazy journey! 

Chapter 1
"Mum, if I ask you a question, promise you'll say 'yes'," My brother, River, walks into the kitchen and my head snaps towards him. My mum is making breakfast and I'm currently working on an essay for school, therefore him interrupting me isn't the greatest thing.
"Depends on the question," Mum chuckles.
"My friend Seth needs a place to stay―"
"I swear to God, River, if you're going to ask mum if he can stay here I will chop off your arm!" I say as calmly as possible. 
Seth Lee is the most arrogant guy ever. He thinks that just because he looks like a Greek God he can get anything he wants in life while others sweat their butt off to reach their goals. 
River chuckles nervously, "I'm not going to ask that, what're you talking about," he then proceeds to walk up close to mum and whispers to her, "Can Seth stay with us for a while? I promise we won't destroy the house."
"Oh, honey, of course he can!" Mum exclaims. "Seth is such a wonderful guy, I'd be happy to have him living with us for a while." My mouth drops open as I hear those words leaving my mother's mouth.
I glare at River, "I'm sorry, what part of 'I will chop off your arm' don't you understand?" 
River walks over to me and messes up my hair, "Ella, chill. It's not like he will steal your lip balm collection." The minute he says that, I feel my heart drop. My lip balm collection is the most precious thing to me and if something happened to it, I would not survive. I need my lip balms to keep my lips soft for my non-existent boyfriends.
"Don't say that, River!" I yell. "He might do that." Before River can reply, I grab my laptop and run upstairs. I lock my door behind me and walk to my dresser, which has my chapstick collection on top. I'm sure I have over 100 chapsticks by now and I keep buying more and more every day. You can possibly find every flavor in my collection starting from banana and ending with peanut butter.
I grab my favorite flavor, which is cherry, and put it on my lips. After that's done, I open my door and walk back downstairs. One thing, which is weird about me, is that I never let anybody into my room, not even my mum. Maybe I'm afraid of them stealing my lip balms or maybe I'm afraid of them judging me because of my obsession. Either way, I'm not letting anyone in besides my best friend Kelly. 
Kelly and I have been friends since diaper days. We met in kindergarten, there was instantly a connection between us, and we've been inseparable ever since. Some people even say we're like Siamese cats since we do everything together. That's half-true. 
After my five minutes of alone time with my lip balms, I walk downstairs and straight to the kitchen, where I can smell brownies, Nutella brownies to be specific. My mum loves baking and considering how Nutella brownies are everyone's favorite she makes them almost every day.
"Mum, why did you let Seth―"
"I'm home! Did you guys miss me?" an obnoxious voice yells and I roll my eyes. Of course, Seth Lee would come here now, when I'm just about to eat all the brownies.
"Seth, honey, I made brownies," mum yells back. "Come eat some before Ella eats them all." As she says that, the hallway fills with Seth's laugh and I feel a blush creeping onto my cheeks. Everyone knows about my loves for sweet things and the constant teasing about it is getting tiring. 
Seth walks in and smirks at me, "Hey, Ellie, did you miss your hunk of a friend?" 
"Call me Ellie and I will castrate you." 
"Awe," Seth answers and walks over to me, pinching my cheeks. "I love you too, babe." He gives me a quick peck on the forehead and I gag. Many people might even think that Seth and I are dating, since he acts as if he's my boyfriend, but in reality, he just likes annoying me. 
"For fucks sake," I mumble. "Will you ever stop annoying me?" 
"The minute I stop annoying you is the minute hell freezes over," He chuckles. "So that's never going to happen. Besides, you're River's baby sister; it's my job as a best friend to annoy the crap out of you." 
"Fuck you, Seth Lee, fuck you." 
"We'll do the fucking later, don't worry," Seth winks and I look over at my mum who's just smiling at the both of us. She wipes away an imaginary tear and leaves the kitchen, smiling like an idiot. 
Wow, what a great mother, I think to myself and grab a plate full of brownies before walking upstairs. I close the door and shortly Seth walks in and lies down on my bed. 
I glare at him, "Would you mind leaving?" 
"Ellie, if we're going to be sleeping in the rooms next door, you might as well be nice to me. I can take a lot of time in the washroom in the morning and I'm sure you'd like to shower too," He smirks.
"Say what?!" 
A wide grin appears on Seth's face, "Ellie, I'm going to be staying in the room next door and we're going to share a bathroom."
Kill me now. 
I open my eyes and hear my alarm blaring at exactly 6:00 AM.  Although on any other Monday I would probably just pull my blankets up and cover my face with my pillow, this was no ordinary Monday! I hop out of my comfy bed, and go straight into my small bathroom. I look in the mirror and decide to keep my blonde hair straight, and add 2 side braids tied at the back of my head. I am thankful that it stays that way pretty naturally. Now comes the hard part, so I head to my closet. I check all my outfits looking for the perfect one. I finally spot it close to the front, my black crop top, white short shorts with small rips, and my white sandals. The perfect outfit for my first day of freshman year! Not too young looking, and very mature. 
Then, just as I finish tossing on my shirt, I hear the door slam open and see my second oldest brother, Dylan, walk in.
"Hey Kota, ready for your big first day at high school?" he says mockingly, ruffling up my hair."My baby is all grown up!" he teases, wiping a fake tear away with his finger. 
"Shut up!" I reply, straightening out my hair. "And I am NOT your baby!" I say, attempting to straighten up, stand proud, and match my 5'3 height against his 6'2 one. 
He chuckles meanly and then checks me over. Suddenly his eyes flash and he grabs my wrist. He begins dragging me downstairs and into the kitchen. Once we reach the bottom, he pushes me in front of him. "LOOK at what she is WEARING!" yells Dylan, ferociously. Three pairs of eyes swivel to face me and then all my brothers start talking. 
"Oh no, missy, you are NOT going outside in that!" says my brother, Nick. 
"He's right, you can definitely not leave the house in that... tiny piece of cotton!" my brother Talen says. 
The others begin talking over one another untilI I silenced them with a laugh. 
"Actually I can. I am now in high school, in case you forgot, and I can do what I want." I say, with a classic Hastings smirk. I begin walking to the car, feeling powerful. 
They all turned to watch me. "Actually, it's funny you should say that," starts my oldest brother Blake. "I was just thinking you could use a little reminding." Suddenly, he shouts "GO!" and all four of my bros race over and pin me down. 
"Good thing there's nothing here, cuz you have nothing to cover yourself with!" says Nick, as he begins tickling me. It was no use, I held out as long as I could, until I was literally choking on laughs. 
"FINE! I surrender! You guys win!" I said, practically in tears. At least they weren't punching me.
"That's better." says Dylan. "Now go change." adds Blake with a smile. I huff a huge sigh and walk back up to my room, trying to ignore the laughter echoing behind me. 
I come back down two minutes later and sprint into the car, not waiting for them to dress code me again. Soon, we were all piled in, and Blake dropped us off at school before heading to community college. When all my brothers are out of the car, Blake stops me.
"Don't you even LOOK at any of those boys, Kota. Or you will be in soooo much trouble." he says seriously. 
I roll my eyes, give a fake thumbs up and sarcastic smile, and hop out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
My family:
Me: Dakota, Age 15, Freshman at Jefferson High School, plays soccer and has 2 best friends; Reilly and Penelope. Not extremely popular but not an outcast. Very ticklish. 5'3, blonde hair, blue/green eyes 
Brothers: (all beastly muscular and tall)
Blake: 21, Goes to the local college but lives at home with us, has many days off, is left in charge, practically raised me. 6'3, brown hair, blue eyes
Dylan: 18, Senior at Jefferson High School, plays soccer and football, and has all the friends he could ever need. Most popular guy in school, Prom King, etc.... 6'2, blonde hair, green eyes
Nick: 17, junior at Jefferson High School, in Drama, very popular, 6'1, Brown hair, blue eyes
Talen: 15, sophomore at Jefferson High School, most popular besides Dylan, plays soccer and baseball, 5'9 spiky blonde hair, green eyes
Parents: Stock investors that passed away when I was 11. Left Blake to lead us all and left us the house we grew up in with enough money to survive. 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - - 
He thought he was a bad boy. She thought she was a psychopath. He was bad news.She was worse.He was angry at the world. She just wanted to have fun in it. 
When Ashila gets caught on the wrong side of the law again, her father has no other choice but to send her to the strict boarding school known as 'Prescott Boarding School a place for delinquents and troubled youth' she is downright pissed. However when she gets there she decides to have some fun. Her type of fun. 
When Rylan finds out the only other dorm in his hall is going to be taken he's intrigued. After all, his hall is only for the 'Class A' dangerous students, as the teachers and guards put it anyway. However when she gets there and he finds out that she's a she he's kinda annoyed that they class her as a 'Class A +' which is more dangerous than him. 
__________________________
Some said they were to alike and thats why they clashed in the beginning others just sat back and watched thinking they were crazy but maybe they're not as alike as everyone thinks. 
Ashila is a crazy, outspoken, feisty, adventurous young seventeen year old however she has a different view to the world as a normal girl her age. If she's going to do something she's going to do it to the extreme. 
Rylan is a arrogant, temperamental, opinionated, egotistical young eighteen year old and he always gets what he whats and his way. He thinks he's badass but maybe not as much as he thinks. 
So what happens when Ashila rocks up and turns the place upside down?
Hiiiii I'm Amanda!I just want to say hi cause I'm going to be the one writing all these stories. I will add a story twice a week, depending on wether I'm busy or not. Don't be too surprised if I don't publish 2. 
Y/n = Your nameC/n = crushes nameY/f/n = your friend's nameH/c = hair colorE/c = eye color
And I will tell you new ones each time I add some. Each story I write I will have a question, relating with your crush or boyfriend or not. Enjoy xx
This chapter is dedicated to sunflowerin because she made the amazing trailer.
Go check out her work. You will love it!
----------------------------
WARNING: No, there is no danger in reading this book except maybe severe hook up? This warning is to inform you that if you clicked this book in expectations of finding another Damsel in distress who turned badass after her knight in shining armour entered on a jet black bike, then you're sadly mistaken. There won't be any pushover nerd evolving into badass of town or any player becoming an one woman man or any blonde cheerleader becoming outcast. 
Why?
BECAUSE THIS IS NOT A CLICHÉ BAD BOY GOOD GIRL ROMANCE NOVEL. 
THIS BOOK REVOLVES AROUND FRIENDSHIP AND SIBLING LOVE.
If you're expecting a love triangle, square, Pentagon or whatever just because the cast includes a lot of guys, then I apologize because drama in this book is much above it. 
ONE MORE THING!
This book is a result of my imagination. I didn't copy it from anywhere and if I find you commenting things like 'OMG! X was the brother of blah blah in blah blah book. she totally copied' or 'Y plays Z in blah blah book!' then I swear, I will report you. No offense to other authors but they don't have copyright over names and cast just like me. I didn't steal their characters and I expect nobody else to steal mine.
So, if you have to discuss another book in my comments then kindly, guide yourself out of this book and in comments of the said one. 
Because I am absolutely tired of these kind of comments. It hurts that instead of appreciating your efforts people are indirectly suggesting things like plagiarism.
Also, if you are re reading, please don't comment spoilers for others ❤︎ 
~~~~Meet Astrid, the girl with Beckham's skills, Bruce lee's fist, Satan's mind and Einstein's brain. Her life revolved around 3 guys- overprotective twin brothers and cool as cucumber dad.
But change is inevitable.
Her world was no less. Everything changed for her the day she found herself pressed against an alley wall with gun on her forehead.
A series of planned coincidences, forced one too many people in her life.
When I say people, 99 percent chances are that I am talking about boys.
Bad boys.
A potential gang member, a hot-cold neighbour, a breathtakingly gorgeous nerd, an Abercrombie and Fitch model like player, an absolutely drool worthy ex-crush and a sexy rival captain, later, she was harshly slapped out of her ignorance by a truth.
A truth that changed everything.
I have named the characters according to their nature. So, I would love to share the names and meanings with you all. 
(Btw, I am not racist. Do not say that I am, just because my cast has no non-white figure. Hell, I am brown. I have my reasons to cast people of same skin tone.) 
***
Tessa Romano.Age: 17Gender : femaleOccupation: Being an Invisible sarcastic Bitch
If you didn't know or have forgot, I'm Tessa Romano. Some people don't even know I exist, making me invisible. Okay! now you're probably thinking aw poor girl, she must be shy! Think again buddy, just because I don't want to be the focus of the spotlight, doesn't mean I'm some Loser who hides behind the bleachers stalking her soccer player crush. Which I don't, because our schools soccer team is made up of a bunch of goons
I'm just Tessa. Tessa Romano who sits at the back of the class. In her whole entire life has not ever put her hand up to ask for questions. Trust me I get good grades, in fact their great, but I don't like to be praised and end up throwing the paper in the bin before I get home. I'm the one you ignore because I'm not one to be associated with, and really I couldn't care less, I'm not socially awkward and if I had friends I would have had them but that's not me. That's not Tessa Romano. 
Then one day, 'lucky' me gets to be cornered by the 'hottest' guys in school. 
1) Noah Matthews, Matthews is one of the biggest player you could ever come across. First he would seem like boyfriend material but  in a weeks time you'll find him in bed with your best friend. but to me he's just another playboy whos cocky, rude and A pain in the ass. If there was a game, and the point of it was to bang evey girl in school, he would have been the winner in a instant because he's already, and I quote. "Been there. Done that". 
2) Carter Richards. Some say he poped out of a fashion magazine. Well you are not wrong with that one kids, Carter is one of the most famous models in the country. If you could name a brand he would most likely already had done a photo shoot for them. He's gone from teen vogue mag to being one of the main models for Kanye West's Yeezus line. You're probably thinking wait so that means he is also a player? Well you're wrong there! He is the most Kindest, gentlest person you could ever meet. And is a charmer with the teaches and believes in fate not one night stands. Carter's smooth with words that make you melt into a puddle, even with the teachers as his grades go from a D- to a B in less then 30 seconds.
3) Last but not least you have Jae. Jae Dallas. To be quite honest, I don't know Much about Jae, he stands out to me as the black sheep of the group. Jae is someone who has a face that never changes, if you were to ask him a question he would give you this blank Stare which tells you "does it look like I really give 2 fucks" which gets people to shut their traps just like that. Like the rest of the boys Jae isn't too bad looking himself, he just has this auro that tells you "I dare you to try me." Which is probably the answer to all the girls I see crying in the corridor as he walks by.
Now that my friends is a brief description of the 3 most annoying guys in the school, who unfortunately for them, would like to be friends with me, Tessa Romano. I don't know why? but I have been outnumbered 1 against 3. Just because I've be outnumbered doesn't mean shit, I'll always be Tessa the girl who doesn't care about anything but being invisible to the world. nothing will change me.
Chapter 1
Demi-
'Go for it! Get it baby girl!'
The younger blonde I had my eye on all night retrieved the shot glass from my cleavage and tossed her head back, emptying it into her mouth. 
Everyone clapped. 
'You're a natural. Are you a future pledge? What's your name?'
She wiped her mouth, blushing. 
Khloe: 'Ka-Khloe. I'm Khloe, with a K, but I don't know. Maybe. I haven't decided.'
'Well, maybe I could help sway you? Let me show you around?'
Khloe: 'Oh, uh-huh, yeah, sure.'
She seemed to be flushed. 
Not knowing if it was her being nervous, the warm temperature with all the crowded bodies, or the booze, I decided to take her up to my room. 
Being one of the top scoring sisters for the Colympics (coed Olympics) I got one of the four private rooms on the front of the house with balconies. 
They are smaller, and have smaller bathrooms shared between two rooms.
She held my hand tightly as we went up the stairs. 
She looked at little confused when we got in my room. 
'Don't worry I'm not making a move, unless you want me to. You looked a little worked up, thought some fresh air on the balcony would do you some good.'
I continue to the window door and open it, motioning for her to go out. 
Khloe: 'So your big convincing tour is just your room?'
I sat on the small cement bench and took her hand pulling her to my lap. 
'And the balcony, keep up kid. I like your watch, is it a smart watch?'
I grabbed it to examine and she took it off to show me. 
Khloe: 'Yeah. It's not very attractive, and I need to have the band fixed, but it's handy. I keep my phone in my pocket if I have one, or my clutch. So, as long as I'm in the same room as my phone, I can get incoming notifications.'
'Professional party girl. A smart one, too.'
Khloe: 'It's very useful. Especially if I misplace my phone. I can make it ring, even on silent. Out of the Bluetooth range, it only does basic stuff. Stores basic info, tells time, counts steps, and I think there's a calculator.'
'See, you should clearly join next year. This is the only time in my life I've had a fine ass girl in my lap, and had a calculator be mentioned.'
She was blushing again. 
Khloe: 'So you want me to be your sister, but you think I look good?'
'More than good, baby girl, you're the only one at this party who even caught my eye.'
Khloe: 'Oh, but still, your sister?'
'Unless you'd rather call me Mommy. I would be your superior.'
She couldn't think of what to say, and it was noticeable. 
'I am just talking smack sweetie. Any questions about our little greek home here?'
Khloe: 'I really don't even know what to ask. As nice as the fresh air is, it's a little chilly tonight.'
She crossed her arms and I ran my hands over them, feeling goosebumps. 
'Come on in, I'll give you a shot of a little something special, warm you up.'
She stood up and I went to the drawer I keep my better liquor stashed in. 
She sat on my bed. 
'OK, all will warm you up. This is a really good shot, but nice and sweet, you'll go out and party your ass off. This will help you wind down, you could chat a bit, but you'll be ready for a good night's sleep before long. Then there's this....'
I took two small glasses and sat them on the bedside table, then sat beside her. 
'It's not really strong, at all truly. But this is the one you take to just toast to a good night. It's the one you take if you are OK keeping the party in here, with me, mainly in my bed. Don't let me pressure you, at all. I'll pour whatever you'd like, or nothing at all, you can just go right back out there with no hard feelings. But, I do love that last one I mentioned. It tastes just like cherries.' 🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒🍒
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤If you have enjoyed the chapter/story you've read so far, please vote. Commenting your thoughts is also a great help as well. I use those numbers and feedback to guide me forward with each story. But if you at all think clicking that little star will make no difference to me, or even that voting doesn't matter if you leave a comment... I  promise, that vote matters/makes a difference. Thank you so much for your support so far!
I woke up to water being thrown on my face. I gasped and opened my eyes to find my aunt. "Fried Onion, get your pathetic black ass off my bed now". It's barely a bed. I've been stuffing some cash under it though so its okay. I got out of bed showered with my vanilla body wash, washed my hair with Tatiana's Berry shampoo and got out. Tatiana's is my cousin. I can't even call her that. Trash that, she is a bag of oxygen with highlights and make-up on. I hate her with every fiber in me. I stole a lot of her stuff I'm not gonna lie, like her shampoo for instance. I doubt she needs it, its still not gonna get those lost brain cells back from all that extensions she put in. I dressed up and straitened my long hair. That's almost the only thing I love about myself. My dad was Hispanic and my mom was half Nigerian half British.
I sprayed on some perfume and got on my bike. You see I didn't move into my aunts house willingly, it was in my dads will. It also said in the will that when I turn eighteen I would get his whole savings. Guess what, I turned eighteen two weeks ago and I got Nada, nill, zilch. My aunt took everything. So I steal all the money and stash it under my bed. I just hack into her account and get all the moola. So last week I bought a bike. My aunt thinks I'm actually a stripper but she was one too so I'll just sip tea. I went to Starbucks and bought a Spicy Chorizo, Monterey Jack & Egg Breakfast Sandwich and a pumpkin spiced latte. Luckily I took a hundred before I left. "That'll be $10.64 thank you" the cashier said. I held out the hundred "Keep the change" she beamed at me. I snatched it away before she could take it. "Hell Naw, you know what I could do with that change. Greedy ass bitch" I wagged my finger at her before giving it back to her and telling her to give me my change. After I got my food I got on my bike and rode to school
So, if you're reading this, you have just come from my last book and if just starting this one. 
There is also the possibility that you just stumbled along this story and have no idea where you are. Well, this is the second book in my series of "I Am Living With An Idiot". For this story to make any sense at all, I'd read the first book if I were you. But then again, I can't make decisions for you. Lol. Well, this was fun. 
Anyways, good day to you, 
BWS❄️
Ayeeee its time for the highly anticipated sequel to Coach's Daughter!!! For anyone who has come to this book and has not read 'Coach's Daughter', I suggest you read that first for this one to make more sense. 
I hope you enjoy the sequel to Coach's Daughter- Complicated!
There was only 2 more weeks before I left for college, and tonight, Kelsey decided to have a pool party at her house. All of the graduated seniors were invited, as well as Austin, and a couple of college guys that she met through Austin.  
She insisted that Tae comes with one of them as her date- even though Tae couldn't care less about having a guy around anymore. During the middle of junior year her and Cade broke up. Since then, Tae hasn't wanted anything to do with guys romantically. I think she still likes Cade.
I looked in the mirror at my outfit for this afternoon. I was wearing my short shorts with my bikini top. A lot has changed about me in the last four years. I never would have worn this bikini at the start of freshman year, and now it's my favorite swimsuit.
Kelsey's party didn't start until 4, but she asked me if I could be there by 1 to help her get everything ready to go. Her party is suppose to end at midnight- however she is allowing people to stay longer. People meaning our close friend group.
I grabbed my car keys off my side table as well as my phone; pushing my phone into my back pocket. For my eighteenth birthday Dad bought me a brand new car; a 2015 Dodge Dart- in the color of red. Since I turned 18, Dad has really taken a step back on telling me everything I need to do. He figures that it's time I become responsible and remember myself. Although he hasn't admitted it, he really doesn't want me to go off to college.  Even though I'll be attending University of Central Florida just a few hours south of here.
I walked downstairs into the kitchen, looking around for my Dad before realizing that he has football practice. He is still the best team in the conference. We went undefeated last year; talk about a good senior year for cheer and football. 
For a minute I just stood in the kitchen; just thinking about the past year before making my way outside and to my car. My car was extremely clean. I cannot stand having a mess in it. Messes and me just do not work. 
"You're late," Kelsey greets me as I pull into her driveway. She said it in a joking way; knowing that I didn't have to come help at all. 
I stick my tongue out at her, "Sorry, but last time I checked its only 1:10. We have 2 hours and 50 minutes until your party. Plenty of time."
Kels shakes her head at me. "You are unbelievable, you know that?"
"But you love me for it," I grin back at her; walking up to the front door. I look around at her house and sigh, "Too bad your house is small." Kelsey's house is HUGE. Her Dad who I didn't meet until my sophomore year sprang for an upgrade on the house after the divorce. I still find it confusing how he only got custody of Kelsey and her mom got all her siblings. But hey- that's not my problem.
She opens the door to her house; rolling her eyes at my comment on her house. "I'm only having about 50 guests over. Nothing too big."  She sighs ; running her hand through her long brown hair. "So I'm thinking that most of this party is outside- hinting the pool part... but maybe we have a bon fire as well?"
I nod along with what she was saying. That sounded like fun to me. "Sounds good to me. Do you have a lot planned? Or no?"
Kelsey shrugs, looking around at all the open space in the living room. "To be honest... not really." 
Skye is just finding out.
Skye is just a normal teenage girl wanting a normal life. She has her best friends as like any other. What makes her special to the Bad Boy? She doesn't know, but neither does he.
Damon Perry is not who anyone expects. Everyone thinks they know him. But no one knows anything about him. He has a dark life filled with street fighting and an even darker life at home.
So what happens when he begins to get possessive over a quiet girl that just wants to move out of home.Even finds himself surprised with his protectiveness.
CastDamon
Skye
I noticed that some of you don't read the description. So I just wanted to clear up that this story was inspired by Taylor Swift's You Belong With Me. Now that it's cleared up, happy reading!! :D
_____________________
Dakota:
Ugh.
I could hear his voice yelling my name, telling me to wake up. But I didn’t want to wake up. I just wanted to sleep. Couldn’t he just leave me alone? Wasn’t he getting tired of waking me up every single day of High School? I mean, I get that he was a morning person. But not all of us are. I know that he wanted to wake up early for us to catch the bus to school. That was why he also wakes me up early because I sleep ‘til late. I also didn’t and couldn’t wake up early. I guess he thinks it was his job or something since my parents let me skip school to get some sleep. Didn’t my parents rock?
Anyway, we’d been coming to school together since we were kids. After all, we lived next door and we were best friends. And – I don’t know – I guessed it became a hobby of his to wake me up every morning if it was a school day. But he couldn’t force me forever! He would eventually get tired.
What was more, it was getting way out of hand.
So I just ignored him and went back to sleep. Besides, there was nothing he could do that would surprise me anymore. He’d done literally almost every ploy to make me leave my cozy bed. I got used to every bit of it, and in the long run, I learned to ignore the tricks. Ho ho ho . . .
I sighed. He stopped yelling. Finally, some peace and quiet . . . Hmm . . . Wait a minute . . . What was that? . . . What was that unsettling loud noise?
“Ugnnnhh . . .” I murmured. “Shut up,” I moaned. “No no no no.” Not that song, I thought. I covered my ears with my pillow, unsuccessfully drowning out the sound.
“Stop!” I complained.
But of course he wasn’t going to stop playing that unbearable rap song. You see, I hated rap songs. I found rock music comforting; while rap music, I found disturbing. I didn’t know why. I just did. And he knew how much I couldn’t stand it. As bossy as someone like him, he just wouldn’t give up.
All of a sudden, the noise became louder! As if it was in my room! Ugh! Then, I figured he must’ve had turned on the talkies – talkies were our nickname for walkie-talkies which we plastered ours on each of our bedroom walls so we can talk to each other non-stop through our windows. I couldn’t believe he could think of something like this!
I bolted right up, dizzily grabbing my big square-rimmed glasses on the way. I turned on my talkie by the window and sleepily glared at the 6’2” lean-build seventeen-year-old guy who was wearing nothing but his jogging pants in his room. I can see him through his bedroom window exactly across mine.
“Alright, alright,” I yelled through the noise. “I’m awake! You can stop the torture now.”
He grinned. “Not until you get ready for school,” he said.
Grrr. Could he be any more demanding?
“Wow,” I said sarcastically. “I didn’t know you could get that bossy, Dad.”
“Do I look like an old dude to you?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
Of course not. You’re the most handsome guy I have ever met. But I’m never going to admit that. Not to you, anyway.
“Oh, you’re not? Huh. You sure as hell sounded like one,” I said scornfully.
He stared at me. “Who do you thinks’ fault it is?” he asked mockingly. “Just hurry up, D. Geez, it’s the first day of senior year,” he added, shaking his head.
Hey guys!! Welcome to my book, 'The Bad Boy, The Bet & Me.' I hope you enjoy the book and I would absolutely love it if you commented and voted.
Keep smiling xx
-A
In my panicked state I feel strong arms wrap around me, pulling me close. I inhale, his smell filling my senses. "You're safe now, just breathe me in." He says. My eyes close and the tears start to fall. "Shhhh, I won't let him get you. You're safe." I look up at him, the guy I hate oh so much, holding me, it was unreal. But somehow this was the safest I've felt in a long time. So instead of fighting him, I buried my face into his neck and let him shield me from this nightmare while the rain beat down on us.
Wait- you're probably confused as to how I got here. Let me rewind a bit. I'm Charlie. Now that bit of the story may have seemed a little dramatic, and without context, I can understand why. But I can explain. 
I'm ordinary as far as anyone could tell. But if people stopped to get to know me, they might think differently. So right about now you're probably thinking, oh great, yet another cliche.  Before you jump to conclusions about me and start judging me, you're probably right. This is gonna be pretty damn cliche. But who doesn't like a cliche? Answer: no one in their right mind. 
•*•*•*•*•
Wow it's been so long since I've started a new book. I haven't exactly finished SWTBB, my first book, but I've got it all worked out in my head how it's gonna end. So why not start a new plot as well? And if you did like the characters from that book, a few will appear in this one as well, so watch out for that.
I hope you'll join me again in my second book, Breathe Me. I'm extremely excited for this since I'm more experienced with writing now and I might be able to start out with long chapters and detailed writing. 
Thank you for reading this and stay tuned for more to come! Comment your thoughts, vote, and enjoy! 
~ Nyx S.
WARNINGYou have been warned 
Aloha minions. Welcome to hating the player. I want to apologize now for the absolutely horrible language, I don't see the mistakes or obviously I would have corrected them so be patient and when I'm done with the book I will edit it. Sorry if you don't know what the books saying because of a word change because to be honest, autocorrect is a bitch.
Speaking of bitches, there is a lot of swearing in this book so sorry to the little innocent angels reading this book but you guys need to turn around. 
Everything written in this book is from my imagination so please don't steal it and try think of your own ideas. All the characters, events etc. Are from my head and not from anywhere else. This book is copyrighted so don't try to steal it because it's against the law ;) Now that all that is out the way, enjoy! Love you all ;) xxx 
*-*-*
Description 
Melody Carson has been in the same class as Tyson McCannon since primary school. 
She's watched him play with girls, set the school on fire, skip classes, prank teachers, smoke behind the school, break the law, get into fights with other guys for fun and even watched him get suspended for three weeks. 
He always ruins everything and never does what he is told.
Melody has hated him since the day he set foot in her school and luckily he has never noticed her.
That is, until now. Tyson has set his eyes on Melody and won't stop until he gets what he wants. 
And he wants her.
*-*-*
Cast
MELODY CARSON
TYSON MCCANNON 
*-*-*
Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG


 ******** This text is covered by the international copyright laws. This content may not be copied to another computer, published, stored, reproduced or altered in any way. Any violations of this is punishable by law. ********
© 2016 by LaurenJ22.
All rights reserved.

-----------------------

Dedication: Charcoal_Face_Paint for the amazing cover! Thank you!

----------------------

I should have known today was going to be shit.
There were a few signs. Kind of. 
First, it was raining. I liked the rain, but not when I had to walk to school in it. Okay, I live in water basically and spend majority of my time in it, but that doesn't mean I enjoy rocking a wet shirt during school. 
Secondly, the guy I've been trying to get with for the past month, asked my friend for her number. So not cool.
And third? Mum's car was in the driveway when I came home from school.
Now, you might say that is relatively normal. It's not.
My mother is a high-end, well-known cardiovascular surgeon. Her whole life revolves around the hospital and her patients. 
For a long time, I have accepted the fact that her career is her life, not me. That's okay, her career is amazing and her life is dedicated people who need it. But it sucks at the same time. Since my father died when I was ten, mum is all I have. And it's hard. 
I learnt to rely on myself, pretty quick.
My mother and I live together, but we rarely see each other. She is hardly ever home and when she is, she's exhausted. Sometimes she even sleeps at the hospital. I'm not kidding. 
We communicate through post-it notes, usually.
I knew she was on a double shift today. So, her car being home, was really bizarre. And it left an uneasy, squirmy feeling in my stomach.
As soon my feet were through the front door, I shrugged off my over-sized gym bag and slipped out of my shoes. The weight from my shoulders was refreshing. 
I could smell something baking. 
I froze, my stomach tightening. Mum never cooks for me. The last time, was when my nan died. That's how she broke the news to me. Chocolate cupcakes. 
Wandering in the kitchen, feeling exhausted from my training session, I stopped. There, spread neatly in front of me, were a line of delicious looking chocolate cupcakes. 
This, is when I knew something was wrong.
"Hi, honey," my mum smiled, looking more exhausted than me. The bags under her eyes were so permanent that I don't remember what she looked like without them anymore. They were a prominent, dark purple shade bordering on the unhealthy look.
"Oh no," I said, my voice heavy. "Who died?"
She cracked a wan smile. "No one. Don't be so dramatic."
"Seriously?" I deadpanned, flopping onto the kitchen chair in front of me. 
"I have some news."
Jujur.Kunci dari segalanya.Sebuah kejujuran sangatlah susah di dapatkan.Sekali kejujuran di nodai oleh kebohongan.Kebohongan akan terus menerus terjadi.Kebohongan akan mengubah sebuah rasa kepercayaan.Kebohongan akan merusak rasa kepercayaan seseorang.Saat rasa kepercayaan rusak, semuanya kacau.Sulit untuk mengembalikan rasa kepercayaan akibat sebuah kebohongan.Tidaklah mudah mengembalikan kepercayaan.Kepercayaan hilang, perasaan yang ada semakin lama semakin hilang.Perasaan hilang hanya akan membuat lubang di hati.Lubang yang sangat susah di sembuhkan.
Semuanya berkaitkan satu sama lain.Tidaklah mudah bagi seseorang bersikap jujur.Tidaklah mudah bagi seseorang untuk tidak berbohong, apalagi berbohong untuk kebaikkan.Tidaklah mudah mempercayai seseorang.Tidaklah mudah membentuk kepercayaan seseorang yang sudah rusak.Tidaklah mudah mengembalikan perasaan lama yang sudah hilang.Tidaklah mudah membuat seseorang jatuh ke lubang yang sama.Tidaklah mudah untuk membuat HATI ini kembali seperti semula.Sekali di patahkan akan tetap patah, walau di perbaiki sedemikian bagusnya tetap saja akan meninggalkan bekas.
Cerita antara sebuah kejujuran dan kepercayaan.
■■■■
Di tengah hujan yang turun dengan cepat. Mereka berdua saling menatap dalam diam. Menatap dalam jarak yang cukup jauh.
"Gue banyak baca cerita dan banyak orang juga bilang, hal romantis dari hujan. Hujan akan selalu mau kembali meski tahu rasanya jatuh berkali-kali. Tapi, gue gak bisa sama dengan hujan Az." Ucap Sherly pelan sambil melihat hujan.
Azka mendekat ke Sherly, dia menatap mata Sherly yang masih saja melihat hujan. "Gue tahu akan itu semua sher, gue juga gak pernah nyuruh lo jadi hujan."
Sherly kembali melihat Azka yang ternyata sudah ada di depannya, "Terus, kenapa lo masih aja ngelakuin semuanya?"
Azka mengenggam tangan Sherly,"Gue ngelakuin semua ini karna alasan."
Dengan pelan Sherly melepas genggaman Azka, dia tersenyum."Gue juga ngelakuin semua ini karna gue masih punya hati."
□□□□
Thomas : anak gue itu kenapa? ngeselin ya?
Lo juga ngeselin Thomas.....
Thomas : gue udah tobat.
Ya deh apa kata lo malas berdebat sama lo
..................
OKAY, AKHIRNYA GUE NEPATI JANJI.Tenang, kenapa gue berani publish ini karna cerita ricky, adlan udah selesai gue tuliss makanya gue berani gitu deh.
Sebelumnya gue mau jelasin tentang cerita ini, maksudnya susunannya atau apalah itu.
Jadi setiap aku buat pov cerita dari satu orang pasti banyak yang minta pov yang lain. Contohnya di cerita adlina, bener kan??? Nah karna aku juga ada baca novel yang dalam novel itu povnya beda setiap bab jadi aku akan mencobanya. Walaupun beda tapi ceritanya gak akan ngulang-ngulang.
MOHON DI BACA.
Jadi gini nanti di setiap part contoh : 1. Azka 2. Sherly
Nah itu berarti part 1 povnya azka, kalau part 2 itu povnya sherly dan gak akan ada pov pemeran tambahan seperti kayla yang pasti akan muncul di sini. Ngerti kan??? Kalau gak ngerti nanti di ingatin lagi hehehehe.
Sekian^^
14 Juli 2016
A/N: Thanks for choosing to read my book!!! Please understand this book is sort of like the cinderella story movies, but most of the story is from my imagination. There will be times when it seems cliche, but trust me, it's anything but. Tell me what you think and please remember to comment and vote because I entered this story into the wattys 2016 and I'd really love to win an award. Please remember I'm a first time writer and there might be some typos and grammar mistakes! Thanks!!
Important: I'm getting kind of tired of having to repeat myself to comments in the upcoming chapters. Yes, in the beginning it seems exactly like any Cinderella story. I made it like that on purpose! Just remember that I am known for my plot twists. This is definitely not a regular Cinderella story. Having said that, I hope you understand and keep an open mind because this will be full of ups and downs and mysteries that won't be understood fully until the end, and of course, a love story. So, read on, and please enjoy! ;-)
**Pictures: Molly Quinn as Stephanie Coleman**
Stephanie's POV
I am having the worst day.
After all, when you're dragged to a boring office party by your dad and your annoying and conceited stepmother, then get soaked in wine because a drunk man crashes into you, it tends to look like the worst day.
Don't get me wrong, it's not that I hate my dad's new wife (even if she is a pain in my ass with her whiny voice and fake blond hair and complaints about everything). And it's not that I hate parties, I just wish I was at home reading or practicing my secret talent: singing.
I have loved singing since I first heard my mother singing as a little girl. She was amazing, and I soon discovered that I was too. I'd twirl around in a tiara and poofy dress, and sing as loud as I could with my mother in tow. In my 5 year old state of mind, we were two princesses, and our house was our castle. But the two princesses soon became one.
My mom died of leukemia when I was 8, taking a piece of my heart with her. Then, a year later, my dad married Carrie. She's the typical trophie wife, from her dyed blond hair to her perfectly manicured feet. As if that wasn't enough, she brought with her my new stepsister Stacy.
Stacy's main goal in life is to be famous for being famous and beat all the Kardashians at their own game. Her only talent is making sure she never comes out of the house without so much as a hair out of place. Her first words to me were: if you stay out of my spotlight, we should be fine. And she was nine when she said that, so imagine her now at 17. Yeah, that's how sad my life is. But anyway, let's go back to the worst day.
I am at my dad's office party (against my will) celebrating his win on a particularly tough case. He's an up and coming prosecuting attorney, and this case had been one of the hardest. But in the end the bad guy went to jail, and there was talk that my dad might be promoted to DA. I'm very proud of my dad, I just wish I didn't need to go to these parties where people just rub elbows. I'm not like Stacy who loves the attention and spent the entire night talking and laughing with people she deemed important. All I want is a good book, or a nice chat with my best friend Amy. But no, here I am at a boring party with people pretending to like each other, and to top it all off I get drenched in wine by a drunk man. 
I get home from the party and immediately threw the poofy monstrosity of a dress into the hamper. I look around my spacious room and all the luxuries I have, knowing in my heart I'd trade it all for my mom. 
A deep sigh rattles from my chest. When my mom died my dream of becoming a pop star died. Then, when my dad married Carrie and became a big shot attorney, my days consisted of avoiding any kind of popularity, hanging out with Amy, and singing in private. But sometimes, just sometimes, I wonder what it'd be like to sing for others. I'll never know though, because that dream stopped as soon as my mom died. I just can't find it in myself to show others the talent that meant so much to my mother, because it feels shriveled up without her here to water it.
She was my rock, that one person everyone has that seems to be the light in your life. With her everything seemed possible, but without her I'm alone with a dark and broken soul. A deep hole lays in heart, and it only gets deeper everyday that my dad doesn't so much as acknowledge me with a simple hello. 
So I sit on my bed tired of feeling so empty inside, but knowing that one person that could fill it is gone forever. Nothing can change that. I'm sure of it.
***
Author's NoteSo this is the first chapter to my first ever book. Please bear with me on the editing. Comment, share, and vote please!!! Thank you so much for reading!
*Please read my Authors Note on here. It will explain a lot for this story. It's not meant to come across as rude at all, just informative :)*
***
Will I Always Be:
Just A Friend?
{Book 1}
Ashton Thompson is everything you'd want in a boyfriend. He's funny, caring, childish at times, loving, romantic...oh and he's drool worthy gorgeous. It's just a shame that he's my best friend...NOT my boyfriend.
Being in love with your best friend SUCKS.
Watching him kiss other girls HURTS.
Acting like he means nothing more to me than just a friend KILLS.
***
Lydia and Ashton have been best friends from the very beginning. They tell each other everything and know everything about one another. Well so Ashton thought....
Lydia has been secretly in love with her best friend for as long as she can remember. However, she keeps it to herself, not wanting to ruin their close friendship. 
Now they're both 18, things begin to change after a couple of 'moments' between the pair...will their friendship stand the test? 
And will Lydia only ever be to Ashton...Just A Friend?
**Thank you @ryrybeanzz for the lovely banner** 
*~*~*~* 
**I'M WRITING THIS NOW AT THE START SO THERE'S NO CONFUSION. THIS IS NOT A 5 SOS FAN FICTION OR TEEN WOLF FAN FICTION ANY KIND OF FAN FICTION** You can be called Ashton without it being a 5sos story. **There's no Ashton Irwin, Luke Hemmings, Calum Hood or Michael Clifford in this story**
*~*~*~*
Copyright © Ceri Macdonald 2015
Copyright © @Read_Write_LoveIt on Wattpad. 
All rights reserved. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
*~*~*~*
Hey everyone,
I just want to say a quick thank you for starting my story 'Just A Friend' I hope you enjoy it as much as I did writing it. This isn't the first story I've written but it's my first story I've taken seriously and I'm trying my hardest to make it my best work yet. So please feel free to leave me CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM that can help me improve as a writer. Also this story as only been edited by myself, I've tried my best but I know there are mistakes.
Also I'm doubt you know this but I'm from Wales in the UK, *Cymru Am Byth* so I will be writing in English and not American English. I know there are a lot of British authors and authors in general who write their stories in American English but I'm not one of them. I refuse to write differently to the way I was brought up just to please some people. 
Ladies and Gentlemen,
Welcome to the disastrous life of Ashley Martin. As your host, today I'll be teaching you how to break your heart using one short recipe.
What You'll Need:The Bad Boy - Tyler MillerThe Bad Boy's Twin - Taylor Miller The Lovestruck Best Friend - Me The Bitch - Michelle Harte
Ingredients:- Mixed signals - 'Almost' kisses - Plenty of flirting - Mutual love
What to do:1. Be stupid and naive. 2. Go against your best friend when she tells you that her brother is bad news. 3. Play hard to get until The Bad Boy begs for more. 4. Watch The Bitch get pissed off because The Bad Boy is more interested in the dorky best friend, i.e. Me. 5. Let him take your first kiss, dump you and hook up with The Bitch one week later. 6. Let your best friend comfort you even when she says, "I told you so!"
That's where the story of my tragic freshmen year should have ended. But obviously my life is just plot twist after plot twist after plot twist.
So grab a mixing bowl, a wooden spoon and turn on the oven because this recipe for disaster is going to take a sharp turn very, very soon.
Cautionary Note: If this recipe is applicable to your life, make sure to scrunch it up and run for your life to avoid the of risk getting burned. Or you could just punch the The Bitch. Whichever option floats your boat.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[A/N: Hi, I'll be updating every three days without fail. I'll also be rewriting the prequel. You don't have to read that story first; in fact it's better if you read it after this story is complete.
I will touch upon real life issues so if you're into 'boy meets girl, hook up by the second chapter, live happily ever after' bullshit then this story isn't for you. The issues touched WILL happen to you at some point in your life. Maybe you'll be better at coping with them when your time comes; for your sake, I sincerely hope you get it easy.
Enjoy the soul-crushing prologue and we'll talk again after.
Vote, comment and fan.
P.S: Give the story a go, trust me, you won't regret it the slightest bit haha ;)
- Kaddy]
Helloooo! Another story from me! :) I hope you enjoy it and please, drop me a comment and a vote!
Underwear – check!
New house key – check!
Clothes – check!
Money – check!
Dad’s credit card – check!
Toiletries –check!
                Looking proudly at my organised bag was when my mum opened my bedroom door and gave me a sad smile. She wasn’t looking forward to saying goodbye to me; I was going to miss her but couldn’t wait to get up to university either.
                “Have you got everything, sweetheart?” she asked and I nodded, patting my suitcase and putting my list down on my bed.
                “Yep, I’m ready to go.” I tried to keep the excitement out of my voice at least until I was in the car with Kenzi.
                “Good, have you got your underwear?” she asked. Typical mother. I smiled and nodded.
                “Yes, I have everything. Check this list,” I replied whilst handing it to her. I watched as her eyes skimmed over my checklist and a small smile appeared on her face.
                “Good girl.” She stepped forward, taking my face in her hands and forcing me to look at her as she spoke.
                “You promise to take care of yourself?” she asked and I nodded.
                “Yes. I’ll eat every meal time, I won’t drink, I won’t take drugs, I won’t blow my money and I promise to do my studies,” I recited and she grinned, placing a kiss on my forehead.
                “I’ve brought you up well,” she grinned again, ruffling my newly curled hair. I swatted her hand away.
                “Mum!” I groaned, trying to fix my hair in the mirror as she watched me, chuckling softly.
                “I’m going to miss you,” she said in a hushed tone, looking at me with another sad smile. I couldn’t take anymore of her depressing looks so I decided that it would probably be a good idea to get out and into Kenzi’s car before my mum started to cry.
                “I’ll miss you too.” I walked over and gave her a hug, wrapping my arms around her fragile form. She’d always been the strong one in the family; I didn’t think that she’d crack just because I was going to university.
                “I’d better go, Kenzi’s outside,” I murmured against the woollen fabric of her cardigan.
                “Okay, sweetie. Make sure that you call your dad when you get there and send me a text,” she rambled. I smiled, grabbing my suitcase.
                “Calm down, I’ll call,” I replied, listening to the thump that my suitcase made on the floor.
                Saying goodbye to both my mum and my bedroom was harder than originally expected. Unfortunately, I couldn’t take my bed or my mum with me so I turned off the light and stood in the passage.
                I hadn’t lied about Kenzi being outside. When I glanced out of the window, I saw that her red bug was positioned on the other side of the road with Kenzi inside, texting.
*Last Regret #2*Oliver
Słońce powoli zachodziło za budynkami. Ramię w ramię siedzieliśmy na dachu jednego z bloków. Blond loki opadały na szczupłą, lekko zarumienią od zimna twarz Niny. Ale to, co kochałem w niej najbardziej, to jej oczy. Miały barwę whiskey. To może wydawać się absurdalne, kochać kogoś tak, jak ja kochałem ją i mieć ledwie szesnaście lat. Ale ona była jedynym, co naprawdę miałem.
Nawet po tych dziesięciu latach miałem przed oczami blondwłosą dziewczynkę w błękitnej sukience. Smutną, ale ten smutek był tylko w jej oczach. Brodę miała uniesioną tak dumnie, a jej sylwetka była tak wyprostowana, jak tylko może być u sześciolatki. Dzieci w Domu Dziecka Myersa przychodziły i odchodziły. Ja sam w ciągu tych trzech lat byłem w dwóch rodzinach zastępczych. A potem znów trafiałem tutaj. Ale gdy pojawiła się Nina, wszystko stało się inne. Lepsze. Łatwiejsze.
Przez lata trafialiśmy do różnych rodzin, ale żadna z nich nas nie rozdzieliła. Od prawie trzech lat mieszkałem z Blackami i nie przeszkadzało im to, że spędzam z  Niną tyle czasu. Teraz znów przebywała w sierocińcu, ale Nina nigdy nie okazywała słabości. Zdradzały ją tylko te jej oczy, w których tonąłem za każdym razem. Te smutne oczy koloru whiskey. Nie wiedziałem, kiedy się w niej zakochałem. To się po prostu stało. Ale ona też mnie kochała. I myślałem, że jestem najszczęśliwszym chłopakiem na całym świecie. Bo nie było takiej drugiej Niny Mills.
- Ollie, muszę ci o czymś powiedzieć – odezwała się nagle i zaczęła podnosić do pionu, a ja za nią.
- O co chodzi, Nina?  - zmarszczyłem brwi na jej nieprzeniknioną minę.
- Wyjeżdżam – oznajmiła.
Serce podeszło mi do gardła razem z nieprzyjemną, kwaśną żółcią.
- Co? Gdzie?
- Nie wytrzymam tu dłużej, Ollie – pokręciła głową. – Nie wytrzymam – jej rumiane policzki poznaczyły łzy.
- Nina... - zacząłem.
- Nie, Ollie. Nie będzie lepiej. Nie będzie łatwiej. Wiesz, że to tak nie działa. Nasze życie nigdy nie będzie ładne, ani łatwe.
- Więc tak po prostu mnie zostawisz? – przełknąłem łzy. – Tak po prostu, Nina? I gdzie wyjedziesz? Gdzie się podziejesz?
- Nie mogę ci powiedzieć – pokręciła głową.
- Dlaczego?
-Bo mnie znajdziesz i zabierzesz tu z powrotem.
- Ale ja nie chcę żebyś wyjeżdżała. Kocham cię, Nina.
- Ja ciebie też, Ollie. Ale to niczego nie zmienia. Niczego nie naprawia. Pozwól mi odejść. Proszę, Ollie.
Potrząsnąłem głową i pozwoliłem łzom płynąć. Położyłem swoje dłonie na jej policzkach i pocałowałem ją z całą desperacją, jaką w sobie miałem. Jej usta były słone od łez, a jej palce kurczowo trzymały w garści moje włosy.
- Nie zostawiaj mnie, proszę – oparłem swoje czoło o jej.
- Muszę – zaczęła się ode mnie odsuwać. – Żegnaj, Ollie – musnęła jeszcze wargami mój policzek i ruszyła w stronę schodów pożarowych.
Zatrzymała się u ich szczytu z dłonią na poręczy i odwróciła się ostatni raz w moim kierunku.
- Nie szukaj mnie, Ollie. Jeśli mnie naprawdę kochasz, pozwolisz mi zniknąć. I kiedyś zapomnisz o mnie. Zakochasz się w cudownej dziewczynie, która będzie całym twoim światem. Ale to nie mogę być ja, Ollie.
- Nina, nie rób tego...
- Żegnaj, Ollie – uśmiechnęła się przez łzy i zniknęła z mojego pola widzenia.
Potem każdego dnia miałem żałować, że pozwoliłem jej odejść. Że obiecałem jej nie szukać. Że nie mogę jej odnaleźć. I że nie mogę o niej zapomnieć... Bo to, co zobaczyłem wtedy w jej oczach przeczyło jej słowom. Było w nich błaganie. I nie prosiła o wiele.
Nie zapomnij mnie.
Trzy proste słowa. Pięć sylab. Piętnaście liter. Dokładnie tyle wystarczyło, bym z bezsilności upadł na kolana i błagał o to, by zapomnieć. By nie pamiętać. By przestało boleć...
***
A/n: Zdążyłyście się stęsknić? Pewnie jeszcze nie xD Nie wytrzymałam, przymusowy urlop jest nie dla mnie. Oddaję w Wasze ręce prolog i 1 rozdział ,,Nie zapomnij mnie" i historię Olivera. Mam nadzieję, że będziecie ją przeżywać razem ze mną! 
Ania xx
PS. Wiem, niewiele zmieniłam w prologu. Ale zawsze coś :D
The Gang Leader's Iris
Olivia Iris Garcia is a sixteen year old orphan. Or she was. Now she is Olivia Iris Season, with the surname of her new 'family'.
She has been living in and out of St.Marie's Orphanage for Girls since her mother died and father left her at the age of two. Iris, the name she goes by, has been to ten foster homes in the past fourteen years and is seen as a problem child.
Ever since her thirteenth birthday she lost all hope of getting adopted because of how hard it is for a teen to be adopted. But, what happens when a family actually wants her? Well she gets adopted of course, but how will her life change? Including the fact that her new 'family' moves into a house next door to a gang leader. And this gang leader just so happens to take a liking to her.
Ellie's P.O.V
And We dance All night
To The Best song Ever
We Knew every line
Now I can't remember
How it goes but I kno-
I opened my eyes and turned off my evil alarm clock. Today is my first day of school as a Senior at Triston High. 
YAY LIFE. Note Sarcasm
I stood up and started stretching my sore muscles. I made my bed before making my way to the bathroom. When I entered my bathroom I was greeted by my big mirror that was under my sink.
I have blonde hair that reaches below my back and pink plump lips along with my deep blue eyes that looks like the deep blue sea and my skin is pale which I hate because you could easily guess when I blush. I'm a bit skinny and my short 5'5 frame isn't helping either.
I look so plain compared to the girls in my school except they are all A-bitch and thinks of themselves as some royal highness and  they always have thick layers of crayons in their face that covers their natural beauty and make them look like they just got out of a plastic surgery.
I sighed before stripped out of my clothes and started showering. It took me exactly 5 minutes to shower and after I was done; I wrapped a big fluffy towel around my body.
I made my way to my closet and took a light blue jeans and a simple black tank top with a camisole. I paired it with my black converse and left my hair on a french braid.
I took my bag and slung it at my shoulder and started to make my way to the kitchen. 
"Morning mom." I said before kissing her cheek.
"Morning dear, Are you excited? Today is your first day as a senior." She said in her usual cheery tone.
You could say my mom's has some hots left in her at the age of forty-five. She is a 5'5 with a gorgeous shade of dark green eyes that reminds me of pine trees. I got my blonde hair from her but the difference is she has shoulder length hair.
"I'm quite nervous mom." I said truthfully while smiling warmly at her petite figure.
"Oh hush. You'll do great sweetie." She said pecking me on the cheek.
"Oh my gawd. Mowm help me. Daddy's being a big scary dinashour again." Theodore shouted.
Theodore is what you call a little brother. He's five years old and got my mom's green eyes but took of with my dad's brown hair.
My mom and I snapped our attention to him and saw my dad (in his policeman uniform by the way) chasing him while making dinosaur noises. 
I giggled at the sight.
"Robert, stop scaring the poor child." My mom said scolding dad but I could see the twinkle of amusement in her blue eyes.
My dad stopped and started pouting like a child.
"Ellie," Theodore called out.
I look down and saw him looking at me with his light green eyes while pointing to the table which has a pack of my favorite cookies.
"Ugh. Mom, Theo wants my cookies again." I said.
I'm not greedy, I would share anything to you; any kind of food but I just don't share when it comes to my favorite home made cookies.
"I have an extra one at the top cabinet." She said.
I nodded and took the pack of cookies and gave it to my brother with a heavy heart.
Hey everyone.
So, this is my first novel ever and that too a fiction. I have NEVER been into reading fictions, forget cliche romantic novels. But then wattpad happened. I read a few stories here and one day, while dancing on a Swifty song, I got the idea of this plot. And at that very moment I was like 'I so wanna write this story.'
So yeah, it has a lot of grammatical errors. And I don't mean spelling mistakes, but commas and punctuations are not correctly used. It may seem fast paced at places. Some things are gonna sound or look extremely stupid. And it's definitely a cliche. All in all this novel is not perfect, just like Not So Perfect Mr Perfect. :P
That is why, if you are a sucker for correct grammar, I would suggest you don't read it. But if you are looking for a cute love story with a humor in it, I promise you are not going to regret reading this.
Thank you.
           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)
Yes, that is a lot of books. I never wanted to let these characters go so if you ever get to the second book and so on, your soul will be mine forever. Jk, jk. (not really)
Chapter One
I ran my fingers through my hair and stared at the shelf in front of me.
           Alright. There was no way in hell I could squeeze the big encyclopaedia that was sitting on my carry-on on that shelf.
           I let out a big sigh and walked back to my counter.
           I loved working at the library—well this was more a volunteer curriculum activity but whatever—and I loved being surrounded by all these books, but the “no space” deal, not so much.
           While I mumbled angrily about that fact and walked back to the counter where you checked books out, that’s when I heard a high pitch giggle and turned around to see who was coming in.
           And oh, surprise surprise, it was Drake Eaton carrying with him one of his fake platinum blond and orange tanned conquests.
           That was another thing I hated about this library, aside from the no space deal; the fraking seminars! Stupid rooms the size of freaking closets that student were suppose to used to study in little groups. But that was the only thing people didn’t do in them! I didn’t even go near them.
           I didn’t even want to think about how dirty they must really be.
           It was simply disgusting! We were in school for crying out loud, not in a whore house!
           “I’m not sure about this… Are you sure we won’t get caught,” the girl whispered too loudly still giggling.
           “Don’t worry babe,” Drake answered with one of his seductive half smiles.
           The girl giggled again and stuck her tongue in his mouth.
           Wow, way to go girl! It’s all about girl power, I thought dryly and rolled my eyes at them.
           Drake Eaton was—as anyone could easily guess—the school jock. Every girl wanted him, every guy wanted to be him…blah blah blah.
           All of this was way too predictable for me.
           Now sitting behind the counter, I picked up the encyclopaedia and started to turn the pages not really seeing what was in front of me.   
           A few minutes later, the fake blond ran out of the seminar crying, her hair everywhere, her blouse half way unbuttoned.
           “Aw, come on, I didn’t mean,” Drake said as he rushed out of the room, his shirt in his hand.
           Well that was a first, a totally inappropriate first, but still a first.
           I couldn’t help myself from grinning at this.
           Take that, asshole!
           Of course, my smiling didn’t go unnoticed. “What are you staring at,” he asked me rudely.
           “A public humiliation,” I answered grinning even more.
           “That’s funny, I thought you were drooling over my perfect body,” he replied with his cocky attitude.
At Arlington Preparatory looks can kill. Especially when they come from underneath Lola Davenport's ebony coated lashes.
Chloe Whittaker has decided that the time has come to end her reign. After her best friend leaves Chloe's life, escaping the dangerous drama that stems from the elite of their high school, Chloe decides it's time justice is served. And it's going to come in the form of sweet revenge.
Though her best friend may have been fascinated with joining the popularity of Arlington, Chloe never was. And it meant she remained invisible to their poisonous attention.
Until now.
A story of lies, scandals and heartbreak. Nobody is safe under the attention of the hierarchy of Arlington. Not even their own.
Thank you for considering to read High School Hit List. I aim to keep you on your toes with the drama, secrets and plot twists enclosed in this book. I sincerely hope you enjoy, and encourage any thoughts or feedback. If you do enjoy, I would love it if you could color in that star for each chapter you read.  ♥
A special thank you (and credit to) inkbleeds for creating the kisses as sign offs for each of Monica and Chloe's letters.
This story will have ads, which means by watching short advertisements (which shouldn't take you longer than 15 seconds), you will be helping me keep updates frequent, my writing a high priority, and supporting me as a young writer.
  Every time you get frustrated watching an ad for 15 seconds (or even less), just remember the hours I spent writing, editing and planning the chapter you're about to read and know that your time is not going wasted. Thank you in advance for considering this!
 RE-READERS: thank you for loving my story enough to start again. I ask you in the nicest way possible not to comment spoilers, it would be so upsetting if you were to ruin the fun for current readers. If I find spoiler-containing comments I will be deleting them and muting you. Consider this your only warning. Enjoy!
"IM SERIOUSLY IN TEARS BECAUSE IM SO GLAD I STUMBLED ACROSS THIS BOOK" - train_of_distraction
"HSHL is beyond what I expected to read when I found it. It's a hit! And so unique. It's the kind of story that lures a reader to the edge, making them want more, and more." - Privishti_
"Consider myself plot twisted" - quasar
"Christ WHAT IS HAPPENING MY HEART IS FLYING OUT OF MY CHEST AND I JUST OH GOD THIS BOOK IS BEAUTIFUL" - shevvie
"That's it. Every single person in this book is f***ed up. Everyone." - JumpingToConclusions
"That was one of the most harrowing, intense, world-destroying roller coasters I have ever read. Amazingly well written with enough plot twists to leave you feeling like a pretzel. Brilliant." - SwimmingUpstream
   Disclaimer: this story contains drug use, bullying, unhealthy body image perceptions, alcohol, and moderate sexual themes.
   This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Lemme introduce myself.I'm Skittles, well that's not my real name it's a nickname but I prefer it over my real one, too much bad memories there.
Yes I know I have a weird nickname but it's perfect, I am unnaturally addicted to Skittles. Anyways I have long brown hair and a curvy body. Im a Muslim, I wear a headscarf. I'm not really known in my school, I like to stay hidden under some skinny jeans and a Barcelona football shirtYes I love football and all the guys find it weird.
I have 2 best friends that are called Connor and Alice, I'm closer to Connor as Alice is hardly with us anymore. She has a busy schedule.
Let's get into the family.....well I have 1 now, my sister and mom died in an accident when I was 15 and my dad just left me, me and my baby brother live in a crappy flat on the bad side of town and I work at JD.
"Bye, see you later!" I called out, closing the car door as my mom drove off. It was Monday, the start of yet another dreadful week of school. Thank God this was my last year of high school. I made my way through the crowded halls & approached my locker, opening it and putting away books I didn't need & grabbing my algebra 2 book, which I had a big test on today. Joy.
I tucked the book under my arm as I closed the door & headed over to my first class: study hall, which I was in great need of today if I wanted to pass this exam. Usually the teachers that monitored study hall would vary & to my surprise Mr. Fisk was sitting behind the desk today. This instantly brightened me up. He was the senior counselor and history teacher. A very young, laid back, & easygoing man. He looked up as I walked in the room, his eyes meeting mine.
"Ah, good morning!"
"Hi, good morning!" I replied. 
He nodded to the book in my arms, "Algebra 2?", he questioned.
"Yep," I said "I have an exam to knock out today."  I laughed nervously as I walked to his desk, trying to make light of the big test.
He smiled, "I'm sure you'll do fine."
"I hope so." I sighed, walking to my seat on the right side of the room.
45 minutes & a few too many equations later, study hall was over and I felt like I had overdosed on algebra 2. I started packing up my things, as everyone started piling out of the room. I needed to get out quickly, to make it to my next class on time. I hated those crowded halls. 
As I was exiting I heard someone call my name. Looking around to see who it was, I noticed I was next to Mr. Fisk's desk, his eyes looking for mine.
"Hey, you have your test right now?" He asked.
"Yeah." I sighed, anxiety getting the best of me.
"Relax, you'll do fine. I know you will." He said soothingly, care evident in his eyes.
"Thank you." I said with a small smile as I walked out of the room.
I walked to my 2nd class with more ease & felt more confident about my exam. Not only because I had just studied an insane amount of problems, but also because Mr. Fisk had calmed my nerves with what he said. It was nice to talk to someone who believed in you, someone who cared. It was just a small conversation, but it had definitely made me feel a whole lot better about this test.
Two classes later & it was lunchtime now. The algebra 2 test had mostly been a blur to me, but I feel I had done pretty well on it. I was sat with a few other girls from my year, who were discussing their weekend, while I just listened as I munched on my sandwich.
I took in the crowded atmosphere, as I looked around seeing students talking, laughing & eating. As I continued my little game of people watching, I felt a pair of eyes watching me. I turned my head to meet 2 deep brown eyes staring right back at me. The same brown eyes that held concern for me this morning. He held his lunch in front of him as he walked to a table filled with other faculty staff. His gaze holding my attention for only so long, but long enough to give me the butterflies, before he found a seat and I quickly turned away, feeling confused as to why I was feeling this way towards him.
"Maddie..Maddie!....hellooooo! Madison!" Alice yelled snapping me out of my thoughts of Mr. Fisk & rapidly bringing my attention back to the girls I was having lunch with. 
"Yeah...What?" I replied dumbly, completely clueless to the topic they were discussing now.
"We just asked you what shopping center we should meet at this Saturday." Chelsea questioned. "Are you ok? You seem to be in kind of a daze this morning...What's up?"
"I can't believe you're really leaving all of us behind just because your mom says so! What the hell, Erin?"
"Cody, you know how scary my mom can get. She threatened me big time." I sighed.
"With what?" Dylan asked.
"Well..."
*FLASHBACK*
"If you don't agree to change schools I will have to throw all of your caps away." Mom stated.
*END OF FLASHBACK*
"Let's just say she threatened me REAL good, okay? She says that I should stop hanging out with you guys too just because she's marrying a douchebag with lots of money. Apparently, me being in a gang is a bad image to my soon-to-be step siblings. The f*ck I care!" I cursed.
"Your life's just like Cinderella." Evan commented which earned him a death glare from me.
"So what now? How are we supposed to function without our leader?" Dylan asked.
"I guess I will just have to appoint you as the new one." I shrugged.
"So he is your favorite after all..." Cody said with a blank expression on his face.
"No, it's not like---"
"You don't have to explain anything, Erin. I understand perfectly." Cody broke his flip phone in half.
"Hey, don't you go on a rampage again just like last time. It's hard cleaning up after your mess." Evan clicked his tongue.
"I'm choosing Dylan because he's much more stable than you are." I said rather bluntly.
"Fine with me." Evan agreed.
He's the latest member to join our gang so he doesn't really have a choice but to agree.
"I gotta run now. Time to meet my new step siblings." I got up from the bleachers.
"Um, I love you guys. You know that, right?" I said before leaving.
"Group hug!" Cody yelled.
"We'll miss you, boss!" Evan sobbed.
"Yeah, we sure will." Dylan tried his best not to shed a tear.
******
"What took you so long?" Mom questioned me the minute I step foot inside the house.
"I had to say goodbye to my friends. Don't be so heartless."
"You mean those boys who are such a bad influence on you?" She began with the lecture.
'If anything, I'm the one who's the bad influence on them.' I wanted to say.
"Why don't you have girl friends like any normal teenage girl does?" Mom asked.
"Girls are too chatty." Like her for instance, she talks too much.
"What kind of reason is that? Have you finished packing your stuff?"
"Yeah."
"I'm doing this for the both of us, Erin. We need to have a 'change' in our lives and..." Blah, blah, blah.
I couldn't help but fall asleep. Never really good at listening to 'girl talk' or any kind of talks for that matter.
******
"Sons, this is Erin, your new sister." Ed introduced.
Edward and my mom have been dating for three weeks now.
It hasn't even been a month yet and now we're moving in together with them.
I certainly wouldn't be surprised if they break up all of a sudden.
Ed's filthy rich though so I'm not complaining.
"This is Malcolm, he's a year older than you which makes him a senior." He pointed to a light blonde dude with glasses who looked so uptight with his hair gelled up so neatly. If I was a fly, I'd be careful not to slip on his perfect hair.
He was wearing a freaking bowtie for goodness' sake just like what the kids from chess club wears and he looked like he didn't smile at all. I have a feeling he doesn't talk much either.
"And this is Landon, he's a year younger than you are." Ed averted my gaze to the guy standing beside Malcolm.
This Landon was the complete opposite of his brother. He's a bit taller than Malcolm too.
He wore a simple white shirt and had a dark hair with a black lip ring. Something tells me he's either a rocker or an artist with his messy tousled hairdo.
Both of them have blue eyes.
"Nice to meet you, Erin." Landon abruptly grabbed my hand to shake it.
Oh, and they're British too. Just dandy.
I don't really like spoiled rich brats, to be honest. 
I suppose I will just have to avoid them at all times for us to live in peace.
Summary:
Connor Jackson. These two words make every girl go crazy, screaming and begging for a chance to meet him. He's the world's most popular pop star, and has finally made it to where he can headline his own tour.  Katelyn Jackson. Nobody has ever heard of her, unless you're in the soccer business. She's a lean, mean machine on the soccer field; she knows how to get the job done. And she also happens to be the younger sister to the great Connor Jackson. So when everything seems to be falling in place for her soccer dream, it's just in time for her parents to break the news to her. She's going on tour with Connor. No matter how much she begs, cries, and pleads, her parents won't bend, and she finds herself forced to travel the United States with her pop star brother, leaving her soccer dream behind. But when she gets to meet the lead singer, Zach Matthews, of one of her brother's opening acts things don't seem so bad anymore...
This book is part of a series. This is the first book in the series, the order is as follows:
1) Along For the Ride
2) You Belong With Me
And please, if you're a rereader, don't post spoilers on the story. I wrote the entire story knowing all of the twists and turns, and you didn't see me ruining the plot for you in my Author's Notes. So for all that is good, please don't ruin my story in the comments for those who have yet to read it.
Importantttt!!!!:Hey, guys I see that everyone reads chapter 1 and then stops reading , I admit the first chapter isn't really exciting but all the exciting stuff will happen in the next chapters so please read more then chapter 1 to decide if you like the book ore not ;)
Aiden is one of the school's popular guys, who has a high self esteem of himself and can get every girl he wants except for Aylana.
Aylana is a girl with not too many friends, who likes to shop and read books. She thought she would never fall in love with Aiden but things can change....When Aiden suddenly moves in with Aylana.
Hey Guys, Thanks for reading my book. I hope you will like it!
Well here's the section about not copying my story bla bla bla which most people don't even read but pleaaaseee do not copy my story I put much effort in it and I don't want someone else to strike with all the honor for a story I wrote
IMPORTANT!!!!!I want to let you guys know that I'm not English and I don't speak or write it very well so sorry if I made some mistakes...
Feel free to send me covers
All rights reserved ® 2016
Greeting to all that have bothered to read this book.
So this is basically an improved yet slightly different version of my book, 'Best Mistake'. Don't worry, new chapters will be out soon as I hope to update weekly.
Basically I realised it needed a better plot, so I'm changing slightly. But all the characters will be remaining the same, a few new events will happen but it should be the same.
Also it is still a teen pregnancy book, so I'd you don't like them, don't bother reading this.
And I'm adding in some gang genre to it, just to make this interesting.
Apologises too if you were reading my book 'Best Mistake' but I can promise this version is much, much better.
Coming to an end, all rights to me. This story is completely fiction and made up by yours truly. So yeah, just don't steal my ideas.
Anyway, first chapter will be up shortly. 
Don't worry.
Peace.
- georgia.
Chapter One
"Mom? Mom, is that you?" My voice echoed all around me. 
          A thin figure came into view, and I squinted to get a better look.
          The woman was beautiful. Her wavy, chocolate brown hair fell past her shoulders, and her emerald green eyes twinkled as brightly as the sun. 
          She was indeed my mother. 
          "Yes," she answered with a voice like silk. "It's me, baby." 
          She opened her arms to me and I ran to her, enveloping her into a tight hug that caused her to stumble backwards. I rested my head over her chest as she held me in her arms securely. The steady beat of her heart was the only thing that kept me at peace.
          She stroked my hair gently, just like she used to do when I was younger and would run to her, weeping because I had a bad dream. I felt so loved and safe in her arms, as if nothing could ever happen to me as long as she was holding me. 
          My vision became blurry with tears. It had been so long since I had listened to her heart beat steadily in her chest--since she had hugged me like this. So tight, so close to her.
          "Mom," My voice trembled. "I'm so sorry."
          "For what, sweetheart?" She asked, gently brushing my hair out of my face.
          "For everything. I--I didn't know what I was doing and.. and when the candle hit the floor, I realized what I had done and.." It was physically impossible to continue. It hurt too much. 
          Hot, salty tears streamed down my cheeks as the memories flooded my mind. I struggled to keep myself from falling apart.
          "I'm sorry." I choked out, an inevitable sob racking through my body and bubbling out through my mouth.
         No matter how many times I said I was sorry, no matter how many times I'd been told "It's not you're fault", I knew neither of my parents would ever forgive me for that horrible night. 
          Because they weren't here anymore.
          "Wake up."
          I looked up at my mother with wet cheeks and knitted eyebrows. "W-What?" I hiccuped.
          "Wake up, Lauren."
          "Wake up!"
          My eyes snapped open.
          Fistfuls of the white blanket covering my body were gripped in my hands tightly. My heart was racing and pounding, threatening to burst out of my chest at any moment. Beads of sweat ran down the sides of my face, and I struggled to get a full breath of air. 
          Emmie was leaning over my bed, worry written all over her facial features. One of her hands was placed on my cheek, and the other was gripping onto my shoulder. Her eyes were searching mine, wide and full of concern. As I slowly began to regain my breath, her gaze softened and her lips turned up into a small, sad smile.
         "Bad dream?"
         I released the blanket and slowly pushed myself up on my elbows. I looked around, realizing it was indeed only a dream. I nodded.
Manhattan. The city I have dreamed of living in, once I got old enough to move away from Minnesota. This city was simply the city of my dreams and I was glad to be here right now.
I loved every inch and every single piece of Manhattan with all my heart and soul. So many different people with different cultures lived here and that was just another bonus, another reason to love this city. You could spot them everywhere. Either while they were trying to cross the traffic roads, or whenever you were walking on the streets and I loved that. 
The streets were always crowded and it was super noisy but these little aspects are what make this city so lively, so special. No matter where you go, you are always surrounded by people and that is what I have always longed for: People around me.
Right now the sun was slowly setting, which caused the sky to turn into a beautiful pink color mixed with blue and lilac spots. The streetlights were already on and as always, the streets were filled with cars and people. People who tried to cross the crowded streets while nearly getting pulled over by a car, people who just left work and were running fast to catch a bus or a taxi and people who walked down the streets with their loved ones. 
You could hear carhorns beeping and people shouting at each other for not driving careful enough or for crossing the road, even though they shouldn't because the traffic light showed a red colored stick figure. 
I observed every person who passed by the coffee shop I was currently sitting in. I admired this cute little coffe shop so much that I just had to come by nearly everyday. I always sat down on the same seat whenever it was not occupied. While looking out of the window each day, I realized that every person was so different from the other once again. I was amazed by that.
"Rose!" Kate greeted, and I got pulled out of my thoughts and jumped up to hug her tightly.
"Hey," I said while I embraced her for a few seconds.
"I came here as fast as I could but the traffic in New York is just... ugh!" She cursed, taking a seat opposite me. 
"Coffee?" I asked her and she nodded while taking her long coat off. Once she let herself fall down onto her seat, she exhaled a long and loud breath. She seemed exhausted just like me.
I put my hand up high and said the word 'coffee' to the waiter behind the counter and he nodded with a smile, understanding and taking my order. The waiter was a really young boy, who worked here part-time. He said he needed this job for college and we chit-chatted a bit until he became some sort of friend to me I guess... I mean I'm 22 turning 23 and he must be 17 or 18. 
"You look so pale," Kate said putting her hand on top of mine, "are you okay?"
Kate has been a friend of mine for the past three years. We have met the day I moved to Manhattan and she introduced me to Austin, who happens to be my boyfriend now. She even helped me to get a job at a Subscription Agency she also works at after college. She was an angel sent from above, I knew she was.
"I am not okay," I admitted truthfully. I didn't like it when I asked people how they were feeling and they told me they were okay, even though it was pretty obvious they weren't. It was hard for me to talk right now and I did what everyone does whenever they try to avoid a certain conversation: I took sip after sip from my coffee mug to keep my mouth busy.
"Thank you," She said to the waiter as he put the coffee mug onto our table and left silently, "I suppose you are going to tell me, right?" She laughed before she took a sip from her coffee as well.
"Miles." I whispered while my eyes glanced all around the room. She looked at me confused until I decided to talk again, "he tried to contact me." I said with fear in my voice.
"Wait, what?" She nearly spit the hot liquid out of her mouth, "The Miles?" She emphasized unbelievingly as she put the mug back down onto our table. 
I nodded slowly, "Yes." 
"And what did you do? Or what did he say? Did he text you- call you? You need to tell me and don't leave out one single bit of detail!" Her eyes grew wide and I could tell that she was excited. Her eyes were literally sparkling. 
"I have no idea how he found me but he did. I found a letter in my letter box this morning." I bit onto my lower lip. 
"Oh my god, how weird." She grabbed her mug with both of her hands and leaned forward a bit.
"You should have seen my face when I saw his name under the letter. I nearly got a heart attack," I licked my lips before I began chewing on my bottom lip again.
"I can imagine... but what did he write?" She frowned, "or how did he dare to write a letter to you?"
"I may have opened the letter, but I didn't read it. I saw his handwriting and put it right away," I admitted. I couldn't read it. Not after all we had been through. Not after all he had put me through.
"What?! Why?" She leaned back against the armchair in disbelief. 
"Because I am scared to read it. I am scared to read what he wrote!" I felt my eyes getting wet. My past with Miles is really something I was afraid to reminisce. This was a touchy subject for me I simply couldn't talk about. At least not without thinking back again. Thinking of those dark days. Thinking of all the pain, of all the tears and the heartaches, the mental, physical and psychological breakdowns. I couldn't do that. Not anymore. 
"Rose, you have to read what he has to say. As hard as it may seem to you, you have to do that. Heck, you owe it to yourself! You can't run away forever! It's been three to four years, do you get that? Both of you are mature enough now!" She grabbed both of my hands to give them a tight squeeze. 
"Exactly! It's been long and painful years, Kate. Yes, both of us are mature now. And yes, both of us may be different people now but the wounds and scars he has left on my body and mind are still present. Time does not heal anything! Besides that, I am truly and genuinely happy. I can't chase my past." I said as I closed my eyes because I felt a certain pain in my chest again. I hadn't felt this pain for years but now it was back again, just like all the past memories and traumas. I had nightmares of what he put me through at night and I had to deal with them all by myself. 
"Are you really sure you're doing what your heart wants?" Kate frowned again.
"I love Austin." I clarified. My face turned red and my heartbeat quickened. Of course I didn't love Austin. At least not the way he loved me. I couldn't love Austin the way he loved me, that was not possible. I don't think I could ever love someone as much as I loved him.
"I know you do... But I still want to make sure that you are sure about this whole thing. Do you, you know, like truly love Austin?" She pushed her eyebrows up, "I don't want you to prove it to me but to yourself," She sighed.
"How?" I looked at her confused, yet annoyed. 
"Read the letter and tell me you don't have any sort of feelings left for Miles." She bit onto her bottom lip because she was nervous. How was I supposed to do that? She had no idea what she was expecting from me right now. 
"Okay." I nodded self-confidently. "I will read the letter, but I need some time to do so, please understand that." 
"Of course I do understand that, there is no other person in this world who understands you the way I do. That is why you are my best friend." She smiled, "Now take that frown off of your face and replace it with a smile. Everything will be fine, Rose." 
I looked down at my feet with a small smile and nodded again, "Okay, let's just enjoy this evening." 
Kate may know my past and history in Minnesota with Miles, but you don't. 
...
(So this was the first chapter of my new story! I hope you guys like it so far. It is always hard to write the beginning of a story, but this chapter plays in the 'future', because the next chapters are all going to be a throwback of Rose's life back in Minnesota with her family and of course with Miles. Enjoy! Please don't forget to vote and maybe leave a comment of your first impression, you can also be critical!)
This story is my intellectual exclusive property. Any text written underneath this story is protected under United States, United Kingdom and international copyright laws. The content may not be copied to another computer, transmitted, published, reproduced, stored, manipulated, projected, or altered in any way, Any violations of this can be punishable by law. 
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
P.G. 13- Extensive language used
Chapter 1|| What the actual Fudge? 
Riley POV.
“Mario wins again!”
I watch through narrowed eyes as my eight year old brother catapults around the room in victory, lifting his shirt over his head to reveal his pale torso. What is it with boys and showing their chest when they win something? Is it some warped form of dominance display, originated from our monkey ancestors? I snort unattractively at the thought, before rolling my eyes at my loopy brother. My hands dart out to trap his waist in my grasp, and I pull him to my lap to tickle him. "You wish, little brother,” I tease him playfully; “We all know I kicked your ass on the other games.”
Jack squirms hastily to free himself from my torturous hold, shooting me a look as he does so. I smile smugly in return: Yoshi always wins and he knows it.
“Riley, come down here please!” Mom shouts from downstairs, releasing a small sigh from me. Reluctantly, I swing my legs from my comfy spot in the bean bag and follow my brother downstairs, knowing full well that by the time my aching legs have gotten back up here, he will have stolen my place. Ugh, sibling rivalry. As soon as I’ve entered the kitchen, I’m hit with the heart-warmingly familiar aroma that is mom’s cooking. She’s always loved to bake and I’ve always loved caffeine, therefore totalling in a kitchen that constantly smells like the interior of a Starbucks store. Not that I’m complaining, honestly.
I turn to mom herself, who’s icing a batch of white chocolate cupcakes at the moment. She glances up as I head over, offering me a sugar-dusted smile. In one fluid movement, she leans back and dusts her palms on her apron. “Hey sweetie. Come and have a look at this!” She leads me over to the window, pulling back the plaid curtains ever so slightly- just enough for me to peek through. Throwing her a confused glance, I put my head in the gap and look out. What I see surprises me greatly.
We have new neighbours.
Parked next door, in the house that has been empty for five years, is a large green moving truck. Its enormous frame completely shadows that of the small red car beside it, and I find my curiosity seeps into my gaze as I watch the people exiting the car. A woman steps out first, balancing a small girl on her hip. Her hair is scraped back into a clasp and her features are delicate and feminine. My small glance sideways confirms that mom is already interested- she’s always wanted a friend that lives locally. The girl the woman carries appears around four, with the cutest baby face I’ve ever laid eyes on and two brunette bunches either side of her head. Adorable.
I’m not sure who I was expecting next, but it definitely wasn’t the alluring, moody boy that I see now. He looks around my age, and from what I can see of his ebony hair and angled jaw, he’s hot. No doubt the population of the student body will completely swarm this one. My eyes instantly lock onto him as he threads his fingers through his hair, but suddenly his gaze snaps to mine and I freeze. After a second of hesitation, I jerk away from the window as though it’s on fire and I can sense my cheeks burning already. He must think I’m such a creep. Surprisingly, by the time I’ve recovered courage enough to peek through again, he doesn’t look affected in the slightest- bored, almost.
I consider my life perfect. Well, except for a few things. But really there are not many. I can literally count them on fingers of my one hand. 
1. My mom died when I was only 2. But that's okay. My dad makes up for it. He doesn't let me feel her absence.
2. I have a crush on Ashton for as long as I can remember but I am too much of a chicken to confess it. It's not my fault though. We are such good friends and I don't wanna ruin our friendship. What if he doesn't feel the same way? It would make everything so awkward between us.
3. Asher McArdle. Period.
4. The fact that Asher is Ashton's twin. I hate that guy's guts. Whenever I see him I wanna rip his head off. He earned my hatred over the years by constantly playing pranks on me and humiliating me. I was more than happy when he dropped out after first year of high school to follow his dream. These two years without him had been heaven for me.
5. That's all. See didn't even have to use the pinky! 
This year, the last year I might add, I will definitely confess my feelings to Ashton. Weather it ends well or not I will take the risk. I will make the most of my last year of high school.
📚📚📚📚
Hey awesome people! This is my new and first story. Yay! I know the prologue is short but give it a try! I promise you will like it😉I will post the chapter soon.If you like it please press that star. Also this book is NOT EDITED. I will edit it when I am finished with the book. That being said, Happy reading!! -K
P. S. The cover is made by MissFangtastic. Thank you sooo much for making such a beautiful cover! 😘😘
The familiar sound of the school bell pierced my ears as I walked through the hallway to English class.
One more year. 180 days of classes.
It was a mantra. I repeated it to myself daily to help make it through the hell that was high school. I knew most people shared my disgust with school, but I still couldn't help but feel lonely as I forced my way through the crowded hallways of Eastwood High.
Everywhere I looked there were students laughing or kissing.
A jock teasing a cheerleader as she liberally applies her bubblegum-flavoured lip gloss to her already shiny lips.
Two girls shoving books in their locker, giggling flirtatiously as they glance over their shoulders at the group of boys ogling them.
Or, my personal favourite, the dozens of couples making out and publicly groping each other. Ew.
Was it jealousy? Maybe. It would be nice to have someone to love. Someone to hold hands with as I walked through the halls. To text during class and giggle every time my phone lights up and their name appears. But I wasn't that naive.
I went through four years of high school with one best friend and no boyfriends. Nothing even close to a crush for that matter. And truly, I was fine with it.
Or at least that's what I tell myself.
Minutes later, I arrive at English class and am greeted by the ever-so friendly glare of Mrs. Copper: my English teacher or spawn of Satan. I really couldn't tell the difference. No one could.
Although I disliked her, it was in my nature to still be kind and show her respect. It's how my single-mother raised me.
"Morning, Mrs. Copper." I threw her a warm smile and friendly wave as I walked past her on the way to my desk in the last row.
"Hmph." She grunted in response, not even bothering to shift her eyes off the book in her hand. Whatever, it was progress. Most mornings she just ignores me. 
I slumped down in my chair and threw my bag on my desk, massaging my shoulders where the straps just were. As I waited for the class to fill, my eyes drifted to Mrs. Copper. She looked small and fragile, her thin face hidden behind chunky blue glasses and a short, grey pixie cut. Her wardrobe consisted solely of neutral colours, today she was wearing a grey blazer with a matching pencil skirt. I guess she was pretty, in an odd sort of way.
Lost in thought, I looked away from my teacher and realized that the class was nearly full. Almost every desk was occupied by a student and the room was full of laughter and chatter. I scrolled through my twitter feed to look distracted and not like the complete loner that I was. 
"Look!" Eagerly whispered the brunette girl in front of me, pointing towards the doorway while trying to get her friend's attention. They both looked up and sighed, resting their chins on their palms and staring dreamily at the door.
I looked up to see what the big deal was. That was when I saw him.
Oh.
There he was, decked out in his navy blue varsity jacket that stretched over his broad shoulders, black ripped jeans, with his backpack slung lazily over one shoulder. 
"How's it going, Mrs. C?" His voice was deep and flirty as he gave her one of his killer smiles, exposing his perfect white teeth, before sauntering over to his seat. She looked up from her book and I swear her cheeks turned red. Gross.
I don't blame her though, really. Brett Wells had that affect on everyone. He was captain of the football team and the most adored guy in school. He was a jock in every sense of the word, but he wasn't your typical stereotype. He was actually nice, always smiling and willing to make conversation, regardless of who he was speaking to. His friendliness and easy manner was captivating, it's what made people drawn to him.
Girls can play Baseball by _AwesomeAbby_
Samantha Connors, the girl who wants to play baseball. 
Ryan Matthews, the boy who won't let girls play on the baseball team.
What happens when you make them work together?
Thanks guys for checking out my book, it means a ton!!! 
Remember this book is the first book of a series. 
Second book- Love on the Bases
*****Thank you for starting this new story. It will be the last book in the Dear Bailey series. I want to end it the way it began.  Please remember to like, share and comment. I appreciate every read!******

Wes
            I'm leaning against my truck out in the field when I see her across the bonfire. It's been over a year and even just a glimpse of her makes my heart twist and fold in my chest. I remember how it used to feel to be at these parties with her, back before I graduated and long before I joined the Marines. It always feels like a lifetime ago until I see her and suddenly we're there again—carefree teenagers in love. Only now all of that is behind us and I can't bring myself to go to her because I'm afraid we'll have nothing to talk about. 
            "Did you visit Coach earlier?" Cam asks from beside me. His words are starting to slur together. I move my eyes to him as he takes a long pull from his drink. We used to be the top football players on our team, but it seems like maybe he didn't get the memo that it's time to grow up and get to living off that field. 
            "No. I just got in this morning. I stayed around family. Didn't even leave the house until an hour ago. I had a hangover from spending the night at my buddy's place before my flight." I wish it were Mateo, Liam, or Lucas beside me instead of Cam.
"You should stop by. I hang out there all the time. Coach has me helping some of the players run plays." I can tell he's pretty proud of himself for that. I sigh and take another sip of my drink. This would have been my life if I stayed. I'd be doing exactly what he has been doing. Working a 9-5 job, dropping out of the local junior college, and hanging out like a never-left at my old stomping grounds. I'd be a loser. 
"Maybe," I say with a noncommittal shrug. I watch Liz talking to one of her friends, wondering what she's doing now. I don't really keep in touch with anyone in town, but I'd be lying if I said I hadn't looked her up on social media to see what she's been doing with her life. It's her senior year. If she stuck to her plans, she cheers for the school and has dreams of heading straight for beautician school in the fall. She tips her head back and laughs at something and I'm instantly flooded with a million images of her doing that over the years. We have such a long history together. Our parents became neighbors when I was a freshman and she was still in eighth grade. Before we were together as a couple, we were family friends. 
As if she can feel me watching her, she turns her gaze in my direction and our eyes lock over the orange glow of the fire. I'm frozen in place, my beer half way to my lips again. Her eyes dip to look at me from the dusty old boots I'm wearing up to my shortly cut hair. I wonder if she thinks about me as often as I've thought about her. The way things ended didn't give either of us much closure. 
I can't take my eyes off of her. It's like watching my past meet my present and I stand there wondering how all these pieces are going to fit together. It sometimes feels like my life in the Marines is not connected to my life in this town. Everything about the two makes them clash like a fairytale meeting a thriller. She was my princess and I was the prince of this town for a while. But then came the plot twist no one saw coming. Liz Weatherly broke up with me the day I signed that contract and turned my life over to the Corps. I guess we both made a life changing decision that day. I just wonder if I'll ever get over the consequences.
I stumble into my small room back home, the taste of whiskey strong on my tongue. Cam's younger brother picked us both up and made sure we got home safely. I started doing shots when Liz left with a boy from school I barely recognized. I catch my toe on the corner of my old desk and try to hold in the yelp as the pain shoots up my leg, barely numbed by the alcohol in my blood. Damn it. That corner always gets me. I turn and sit in the chair and squeeze my toe until the sharp pain gives way to the throb. 
Lilly Faye- •Coach's Daughter•Soon to be freshman in high school•Shy and timid
Mr. Simon (Coach)-•Father of Lilly•Coach of varsity football•Divorced, kept Lilly
Luke Carters-•Captain and star quarterback of the football team•Soon to be a senior in high school•Out going, popular
Zach Brady-•Star wide receiver, Luke best friend•Soon to be a senior in high school•Out going, popular
Tae Brady-•Zach's younger sister•Soon to be a freshman•Smart, fun to be around, popular
Luke Carter's P.O.V.
One more week until senior year starts. My last year playing high school football before college football, then hopefully the NFL. Playing in the NFL has been a dream of mine since I was in kindergarten, when I first saw the Panthers play. Since then I've loved football. Didn't matter the position I played as long as I got to play.
"Carters, Brady, over here a second," coach called from the sideline. He had just gotten of the phone and had an unreadable expression.
Zach and I jogged off the field towards him. "What's going on?" I ask, grabbing my water from off the bench. 
Coach smiled at us and put his hands together, "A scout from Ohio State is coming to our first game of the season to watch you two play." 
Ohio State has one of the best football programs ever. Getting a scholarship to that school would be a dream come true...for any football player. 
Zach turned from me to Coach, "Seriously?!" 
"Yes," Coach began, but was cut off by his phone ringing in his hand. "One second you two." He turned away from us and answered the phone. 
I turned to Zach, a smirk on my face, "We have a chance to get a full scholarship to one of the best football programs." 
Zach and I have been best friends since the first grade when we were put on the same team in phy ed. Both of us have been into almost any sport there is. In the fall we play football, basketball in the winter, and baseball in the spring. 
"Can't wait until we make it into the NFL," Zach replied nudging my arm. "Doesn't matter what team we play for."
I grinned. "Doesn't your family hate you playing football though?" I know the answer. His family, especially is little sis, is worried he is going to get a really bad injury...or worse, die.
Zach rolled his eyes, "They are just worried." 
"What do you mean you can't watch her?" Coach said loudly into his phone. "I don't want to leave her home alone! Especially on a Friday night!" The whole field grew quiet. So quiet that you could hear a pin drop. "Fine!" Angrily, Coach hung up his phone and shoved it back into his pocket. He turned around, his eyes landing on Zach.
Hey people! Hope you enjoy this books of mine!  So if some parts seem a bit weird, sorry.... I've been reading books about how a good girl meets the bad boy of the school and suddenly she becomes a changed person or something like that. I just find those kind of books becoming a bit too typical to me. They're all the same plot! So I came up with this story idea where the girl's life doesn't change so dramatically. The girl's a bad girl, usually gets into fights and the school's bad boy decided to fight her. Simple
Cara Jonson - main female character (bad girl)Jake Jonson - Cara's younger brotherRyan Ashford - main male character (bad boy)Amanda - Cara's best friendMikayla - queen bee of the school Jeremy Fletcher - Cara's childhood best friend Daniel - Ryan's best mateJames - Ryan's best mateMalcolm - Ryan's best mateJosh - Ryan's best mate
I held up both t-shirts, trying to pick the one that looked better. The red or blue one? 
Ring! 
I quickly get my phone from my purse and pick it up after I checked the caller ID. 
"Yes, mother. What can I do for you?" I say, still eyeing the tops. 
"Lauren! Come to the hospital now. Sofie is giving birth!" My mum exclaims. My eyes widen at what she had just said. 
My sister is giving birth? I'm going to be an aunt! 
All thoughts of clothes forgotten, I quickly dash out of the store, leaving my trolley where it was. "I'll be there soon." I say to my mum and she hangs up without saying bye. 
I make my way towards the parking lot until I bump into a wall. Well, what I thought was a wall. Hands go out to steady me before I fall and I look up to find a pair of amazing brown eyes. I step back and mumble a 'sorry' before walking past him. But before I can go another step, he grabs onto my arm and spins me around. 
"Why's a pretty lady like you trying to run away from me?" He asks with a cocky smirk. As I get a good look at him, I realise something. 
He is damn fine! 
He had brown hair that was styled and he wore a pair of black jeans and a navy blue top. Before he catches me staring, I look away. 
Your sister is giving birth and what are you doing? Checking out a fricking stranger. Great job Lauren. 
I give an exasperated sigh and try to snatch my arm away. Keyword, try. 
"Look, I have to go okay so can you let go?" I say, trying to say it as nicely as possible. 
He pretends to think about it for a second before giving me a grin. "Only if you promise me that the next time I see you, me and you will go on a date." He says. 
"Ok fine, I promise." I say quickly and he lets go of my arm. I speed walk away and enter the parking lot, and drive away in my car. 
I couldn't help but think about him. I had promised him that I would go on date if I ever saw him again. I always keep my promises and this was no exception. 
Let's just hope this promise doesn't come back to bite me in the ass. 
-----
After 8 hours of Sofie being in labor, my nephew was born. I watch as Sofie holds her baby boy with her husband, Mark, besides her. My sister was 26 and I was 19. Although we had a seven year age gap, we were really close especially because we didn't have any other siblings. 
"Have you decided on a name yet?" I ask the couple. 
Sofie and Mark meet each other's gaze and smile. "Toby." They both say in unison. I smile at them. They've been married for 4 years now and I can see them growing old together. They were so perfect for one another. 
I wish I could have someone like that. 
I snap back into reality when I hear little Toby's cries. He's being held by Mark, who's now a father. I walk up to them. 
"Can I hold him?" I ask, staring down at little Toby. Mark hesitantly hands me the baby and gives me a look that says, 'if you hurt my baby, you die', in which I returned with my, 'shut the hell up' look. 
I hold Toby in my arms and sway him a little bit until he stops crying. I shoot Mark a smug smile in which he rolls his eyes at. Toby had gorgeous green eyes, thanks to his father. I coo at him until he falls asleep. 
"Give me back my child, Lauren." Sofie says, in a hushed voice. I walk over to her, careful not to move my arms too much, and place little Toby in her arms. 
I was now a proud aunt. 
~*~*~*~*~
Hey beautiful people! 
This is the first chapter of The Stranger I Bumped Into (TSIBI). I hope you enjoyed it and sorry for any mistakes. 
Have a great day/night wherever you are. 
- a_lama
"Well, this is it. I'll let you settle in, your uniforms are already hung in your wardrobe," Mrs. Humphrey said, giving me a tight smile before stalking off. Mrs. Humphrey was the woman in charge of student accommodation, a strict lady with her hair tied so tightly into a bun it looked as if she was stretching out the skin of her face. I thanked her halfheartedly, and set my small luggage on the floor. Looking around the room, I let out a sigh, admiring the beautiful cream coloured walls, the leather sofas, my big, king-sized bed. My room hardly looked like a dormitory, it looked like a hotel suite! Well, at least the students get their money's worth, I thought.
I couldn't help the big smile on my face as I dragged my luggage into the walk-in closet and once settled, immediately diving head-first into my plush, luxuriously soft mattress.
Most of the students are back from winter break, since school started the next day, and I received many curious glances when I walked down the hallway with the level custodian beside me. Meilleur Academy was located in Paris, France, and people from all over the world study in this prestigious, well-known school. It was incredibly hard to get a scholarship, and I was one of the lucky few who had the privilege of receiving it. The tuition is extremely expensive, and from the looks of this dorm room, I could definitely understand why. Rich socialites, geniuses, heirs and heiresses to multi-billionaire businesses, up and coming artists and star athletes...these were the people that attended Meilleur. It was an elite school, the place for the absolute best.
I sighed softly. I had to give my very best here, this was my chance to achieve my dreams! It's still such a big shock to me, that I received a scholarship to this place. Better not let this chance go to waste then! I looked over to my bedside table to check the time. 
6.48 PM
It was time for dinner soon, according to the schedule Mrs. Humphrey handed to me. The school had schedules for everyone, which included their classes, meal times, and curfew. I got up and walked over to the wardrobe. Mrs. Humphrey had told me that students were not required to wear uniforms after classes have ended, and that we were free to wear whatever we wanted on weekends, as long as it didn't obstruct the school's dress code. I pulled out a fresh set of iron-pressed clothes, admiring the professional stitching and smart design of it. It truly looked like something a rich heir or heiress would wear, even though it was only their school uniform. Meilleur's school uniform was designed by one of the students from when the school first started. It consisted of a crisp pearl white button-down blouse with black stitching on the cuff of the sleeves and a black pleated checkered skirt that was lightly accented by white and grey. Finally, the uniform is complete with a black blazer. I put on the uniform, frowning slightly when I realized it was a few sizes too big for me. The blazer was so big only the tips of my fingers peeked out! Oh well, unless I wanted to starve, I had to wear the uniform. I'll notify Mrs. Humphrey about it soon, I decided.
Copyright © 2014 | All Rights Reserved | brech33se
Edited by: HowlingTigerHorse
-------------------------------------------------------
"Let me carry her."
Stepping forward was none other than Cooper Kingsley, our school's and town's bad boy. Cooper was a championship boxer, drove a motorcycle, and it was a known fact he'd been to jail four times... this year.
His brown hair that looked soft enough to run my fingers through quite easily, his blue cold eyes that ran girls crazy, and his built, strong body didn't help their hormones either.
And one other thing. Cooper wasn't your average player; no he was just plain hard to get. Only a few girls have had the pleasure to get a peck from him, and nobody is known to of have ever gotten in bed with him. It wasn't normal for him to volunteer like this, just to help a normal girl.
☂
I am bland and boring with my dead blue eyes, flat brown hair, and average height. I was completely and utterly average.
So why did Cooper Kingsley want anything to do with me?
What did I have that all the other girls didn't?
Why was the devil suddenly my guardian?
The Bad Boy, Cupid & Me 
Copyright © 2011 Slim_Shady 
All rights reserved
***
A little pink note dropped onto my lap whilst my English teacher was going on about the significance of poetry.
Chloe! IT WORKED! Thank you, thank you, thank you! He asked me out to dinner for Saturday night, he mentioned the La Pierre? OMG I am so excited but nervous at the same time, I couldn't have done it without your help! Love, Emma P.S - WHAT SHOULD I WEAR?!!

I smiled in satisfaction before carefully scribbling down a reply.
Em, I'm glad everything worked out, just like I thought it would. La Pierre? It's a really classy French restaurant, so you should wear something formal. I'd say keep it Audrey Hepburn-ish - aka; little black dress. Keep cool, don't forget to smile and have a blast! Much Love, Chloe
From the corner of my eye, I noticed Emma's body relax and a smile spread across her lips. The girl's here at Prescott Private School had my trust. I'm the girl they all turn to for relationship advice and help - not that I was some kind of relationship guru or anything - I'm just Chloe Armel, Cupid's Assistant as they like to call me...
I just help do what the chubby, half naked baby with a dangerous weapon forgets to do: Shoot you both.
~*~
When lunch finally came around, I headed towards the cafeteria to meet up with my friends. A strong arm casually slung over my shoulder and I looked up to meet the light blue eyes of my childhood best friend; Charlie.
"Hey Charles." I smirked at his disgusted look even though I found it awfully cute.
"Ew, Chloe, you know I hate it when you call me that."
"Yeah, thats why I do it!" Again he gave me a glare that made me laugh.
Charlie's a tall blonde boy who's really...pretty. Not that that's a bad thing - all the girls love him. He wears stylish marked clothes and spends more time in the mirror than I do. He also loves sports as long as it's in the gym where its air conditioned and well away from anything mud related.
"Have you finished your English essay yet?" For a moment, my heart dropped deep into my chest, oh God, please don't tell me it's due tomorrow. "It's due tomorrow you know." Charlie finished.
Yay life.
"I'll finish it tonight; I'll go to the library after school or something." from the shocked expression on Charlie's face, I knew what what's coming next.
"What a minute, hold on. Did I hear correctly? Little Nerdy Chloe forgot about her homework?"
"I'm not Nerdy."
"Chloe, you're not only in the advanced Math class but you're seven chapters ahead from what they're currently teaching you, you've memorized the whole periodic table of elements-
"Not the whole table, just one hundred and ten of them."
"How many of them are there all together?"
"One hundred and eighteen..."
He gave me a blank stare.
"You even watch natural history programs for fun."
"Hey!" I protested. "David Attenborough is awesome."
"Right, what is he, like, ninety years old?"
This is a rewritten and edited version of the story. But knowing me, I will most likely come back and edit it again after a few months.
THANK YOU FOR BEING THE MOST PATIENT PEOPLE IN THE WORLD BECAUSE I KNOW I HAVEN'T EVEN TOUCHED THIS STORY FOR MONTHS AND YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN WAITING WAY TOO LONG
Yes, I decided to rewrite the story and change a few things. That's just how it is now, I am sorry but I'm keeping it this way. I need a fresh start or else I know for a fact that I will lose interest.
Please do not copy or steal my work in anyway. I've worked hard on it, and quite frankly, if you are childish enough to want to steal my work and advertise it as yours then you shouldn't even be on this site. Wattpad is for reading other people's stories, and it's ridiculous that I actually have to make a separate chapter like this to explain to you that you mustn't take my work. 
Hey everyone!
This is not the first chapter, just so you know.
Book cover at the side made by...
*drum roll*
DatYoungness
Go check out her books, like now! They are awesome! <3
Also...
In this book, I am not going to put a single cuss word. I don't have any curses in my other books and just because this is a bad boy book doesn't mean the same rules doesn't apply. So I'd prefer if you keep your comments clean of cusses as well or they will probably be deleted.
Also, again...
There is a COPYRIGHT statement on this book! SO NO COPYIING ANY PART OF THIS BOOK, IT'S PLOT, IT'S CHARACTERS, ANYTHING.
And if you see or find someone who has stolen anything from this book, please inform me immediately.
Also, again, again...
Do not advertise on here, please. If you want to advertise your book then go somewhere where you're actually allowed to.
Also, again, again, and again...
Do not spam hate on this book. I'm not a professional writer, and I'm sure there will be a few mistakes on this book. So if you don't like something, then just stop reading. Don't just say "I HATE THIS UNFOLLOWING WASTE OF TIME blah blah blah..." just leave if you have nothing nice to say.
Thanks for taking the time to read this book and this note!
<3
(EXTERNAL LINK IS THE TRAIER!)
"Watch where you're going nerd!" Someone said knocking me down, while sending my books flying.
I let out a sigh as I crouched down, collecting my books from the floor. Once I got up I saw the person who called me nerd a few seconds ago was standing in front of me wearing a smug expression.
"What's wrong nerd? Cat got your tongue?"
I looked around the hallway noticing that we've drawn a crowd.
"What are you mute?"
I rolled my eyes as I began to walk away only to be pulled back, slamming against the lockers. I heard a few gasps coming from our audience.
He seemed like a jerk, and judging by what he had just done, I was right. However, he was extremely good looking I had to give him that. With dark brown hair seemed sticking out in all directions and dark brown eyes.
"Listen nerd, I don't know who you think you are but no one walks away from me when I talk to them. Got it?" He hissed at me.
I let out a chuckle, this guy was unbelievable. "You don't own me. So I suggest you let go of me before I do something that you will regret." I said in a bored tone.
His brown eyes narrowed at me, as he let out what seems to be a forced out laugh. "Oh, so the nerd does talk."
I heard a few people snickering as he let go of my arm. "I am going to let you go, nerd. But, trust me this isn't over." He whispered into my ear.
***
Alice "Ali" Montclair has a secret she's the daughter of the man who runs the country- The President. When her father dropped the news that he was going to run for president seven years ago. Alice was happy for her dad up until her whole life gets turned upside down. Fast forward seven years, Alice finally gets the chance to go to back to school and it wasn't any regular school it was high school. When she angers the schools bad boy, her life gets even more complicated. She starts to struggle with school, friends and above all being The President's Daughter.
Hey guys! This is my first book and it would mean the world to me if you gave it a chance. I don't know how I got this idea but it just kind of just came to me. I really want to accomplish something on here so feedback is welcomed... Well that's all I have to say for now. First part should be up in a week.
Please do not advertise your story or anyone else's story on my book. It is considered rude, and it gets me really annoyed. Also as the old saying goes "If you have nothing good to say, say nothing at all..." Have something rude to say about me or my book? I can easily block you. I don't have time for haters.
This has been submitted for the Watty's 2014. So it would mean the world if you guys Vote, Comment and share throughout the whole book! Because, I would love to win the Watty's and it will only be possible with your help! :) 
Also all rights reserved to @xoxo_mysteriousgirl (me) and if you dare copy any of this I will hunt you down and scoop your eyeballs out with my spoon.... I can call it eyeball soup... Ha-ha jokes but seriously don't copy... Anyways thanks! 
Have a wonderful day/night! 
Thanks,
xoxo_mysteriousgirl
Daniella's 
Well you know who I am, but I'll expand on it. I have dirty blonde hair and brown eyes. I'm average size 5'5. I live in Miami Florida and I attend Miami North High School. I live almost right on the beach I have to walk a little but I have the view of the ocean from my bedroom balcony. As a hobby I surf, I'm not amazing but I'm decent. Yep that's my life. I'll tell you how I met Dayton because he probably doesn't remember. We went to 8th grade together and I sorta liked him but not much. He was my best friend's brothers, friend, so I occasionally saw him when I went to her house. It wasn't till the summer before our freshman year that we actually started talking and hanging out. He finally asked me out when we were hanging out at the beach around the campfire in front of everyone so you probably think I felt obligated but I really did like him so it all worked out. Since then we have been together. He's an amazing guy and I couldn't be any happier. You all are probably wondering when he started discipling me. It was end of sophomore year, I don't really remember what I did but he didn't like it and so he spanked me. At first I thought he was abusing me but then I realized he did it because he loves me. Yep so since then if I get out of line he spanks me or punishes me someway. Nothing abusive. Yep so there that. You now know all that you need to know and I guess I'll start my story about my life with my loving boyfriend.
Still Daniella
It was July 4, me and Dayton along with some of our friends where at a beach house hanging out having fun."hey love birds get off your asses and come surf with us"Ryan,one of Daytons friends, yelled at us "hey I like spending time with my girl"Dayton yelled back "awe thanks"I smiled at him "welcome"he kissed me on the lips"ew gross guys get a room"Shea,friend of mine,yelled "fuck off Shea"I yelled "language"Dayton warned and I rolled my eyes "I saw that"he said "good.ill do it again"I rolled them again "do it again and see what I do"he threatened "do this"I rolled them again but ran to the ocean with the others "Daniella get back here"he chase me and I laughed "Come and get me then"I teased "you know I can"he yelled "Look who finally decided to have some fun"Marina smiled "ya well it was getting hot"I laughed "gotcha"Dayton picked me up "let me go"I squirmed "ok"he threw me further I into he ocean "Dayton"I yelled when I surfaced "what you said let me go"he laughed "ugh your a fucking asshole"I said and then I felt a smack on my butt "watch it"he whispered in my ear "owe"I pouted "Yo Dayton the waves are really good"Spencer came toward us"ok I'm coming"he said "go have fun"I said "are you going to behave"he asked "yes go"I pushed him a little "ok I'm going"he grabbed his board and paddles off"I can't say it enough you guys are so freaking adorable"Taylor squealed "thanks""come let's go tan and gossip"Rya said "I just burn"Shea whined "I think we all do except Dani who freaking tans and has gorgeous skin"Marina said "stop it guys.you all are gorgeous"I laid down "girl you clearly are blind"Rya said and I laughed"whatever,so Shea I saw you eyeing Ryan."I changed the subject "no he's a dick"she said "she's protesting"Rya said "guys I don't like him I swear.i like someone else"she said "oh do tell"Mariana smiled "I'm no it's embarrassing"she said "oh so it someone in our group"I asked "oh is it Spencer"Rya said "or Ryan"Marina asked "no I'm not going to tell"she said "oh it's Michael"I smirked "ewww my twin"Mariana scrunched her face "see embarrassing"Shea sighed "no I kinda expected it.I mean if Marina and Rya fall in love with Spencer and Ryan I won't be surprised"I smiled "gross I will not"Marina said "we will see"I smirked "what are you girls talking about"Ryan asked as they all walked towards us"oh nothing just stuff"Shea said "what kind of stuff"Michael asked "girl stuff"Marina glared at him "girl stuff huh"Dayton raised his eyebrow"ya you know like periods and what happens to us when we are on them.like do we throw up or if there's more blood sometimes and..."I was cut off by Dayton putting his hand on my mouth "ok we get it,you can stop"he said and the girls were laughing"that's what girls talk about"Ryan asked "yep"Rya smirked "that's gross"Spencer said and we just rolled our eyes "what do you guys want to do"Dayton asked "let's go into town and see the shops and have lunch"Shea said "I like that idea"I said and all the girls agreed "shopping is not fun"Michael said "yes it is"Mariana said "you can choose the place we eat"Rya told the guys"fine"they grudgingly agreed "ok meet up in an hour"I questioned "ya sure"they agreedThere were two of us sharing a small cabin.They were like small apartments but Marinas parents are kinda rich. Me and Dayton shared,Michael and Ryan,Rya and Spencer,and then Shea and Marina."you wanna shower first or me"Dayton asked "I don't care"I said "ok I will then"he left to go shower and I started doing random things and then stubbed my toe "mother fucker"I cursed "god damnit that's hurts like a bitch"I held my toe"you done"I hear Dayton and I jumped "damnit you scared me"I said "stop the bad language"he scolded and got dressed "seriously I'm hurt and your worried about my language"I glared at him "yes I am so knock it off before you get a sore ass"he threatened "God you're such a dick sometimes"I started walking towards the shower but I was stopped "I'm serious knock it off"Dayton warned "back off dick"I glared but that was stupid "alright"he grabbed my hand and lead me to the bed "no Dayton please I'm sorry"I whined "no you deserve this and you know it"he bent me over "please I won't cuss anymore"I wiggled"Daniella you know I don't like it when you cuss but you have done it multiple times today"he lectured "I know it just slipped"I sighed "well I'm not going have any more slip ups"he started smacking my butt which was only covered by a semi wet bikini bottom SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK"owe!"I teared up and he kept raining smacks downSMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK"please Dayton"I was crying now "I don't SMACK SMACK want to SMACK SMACK SMACK hear anymore SMACK SMACK cuss SMACK SMACK words from you SMACK SMACK understand"he asked "yes"I was crying now "few more"he said SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK"shh all done"he lifted me up to set me on his lap and I cried in his neck "Im sorry"I calmed down "no more bad words understand"he wiped my tears"yes"I sighed "come on we have to go meet up with the others and you have to shower"he rubbed my back "ugh I don't want to"I complained "come on"he stood me up on my feet "fine"I sighed but walked into the bathroom and took my shower.my butt hurt."come on Ell we have to get going"Dayton yelled through the door "ok I'm almost done with my makeup"I finished my makeup and went to grab my clothes"I don't like when you where make up"Dayton sighed "it's not much I promise"I finished putting on my clothes "I know but you look beautiful without it"he wrapped his arms around me "thanks"I smiled at him and pecked his lips "let's go"he grabbed my hand and I grabbed my purse "wow it only took you guys ten years to get here"Mariana whined "oh stop it we are like a couple minutes late"I laughed "it felt like years"Spencer was being dramatic "shut up and get in the car"Dayton laughed as we all got in two cars.yes we can all drive."so what did you guys do in one hour"Rya asked "showered and chilled out"I said and Dayton smirked"mmm define chilled out"Spencer said "you know what we do in our alone time isn't really you business"I said "ya it is so spill"Rya said "we made out that's all now stop asking"Dayton said and Rya was satisfied "one day you'll go all the way"Spencer said "maybe one day"I sighed and smiled at Dayton who smiled back "ok there's to much romance in here"Rya turned the music up I just laughed.we finally got to town.the girls and I enjoyed walking around looking at all the small cute shops.we bought a few small things before stopping at a seafood place to eat."what do you want"Dayton asked "I'm not really hungry"I said "your still getting something"he said "Dayton"I whined "don't.you need to eat"he sternly said "fine you can order for me"I gave up "how about two fish tacos and some fries"he asked and I nodded ok "Welcome to Miami seafood and bar, I'm Lewis I'll be your waiter today.are you guys ready to order"he said "yes"we all ordered "I'll have those right up gentleman and pretty ladies"he smirked at us"he's sweet"Shea said "no he's a flirting dick"Michael growled "stop it Michael he was being friendly"Marina said "to friendly"Spencer said "agreed"Dayton said "it's ok because you the only one I want"I kissed Dayton "awe that's so freaking cute"Rya smiled "to be honest you two make a good couple"Ryan said "thanks"I smiled "foods coming"Mariana said "alright food for you guys"he handed food to the guys "and food for the beautiful ladies"he smiled "thanks but could you keep the flirtatious comments and movements to yourself.we are all taken or soon to be.thanks thought the food looks great"I smiled at him leaving him dumbfounded "this is why I freaking love you"Dayton kissed my cheek "what do you mean we are all taken or soon to be taken"Michael asked "nothing I lied to get him to back off"I lied "oh smart"he said and I could see Shea relax I just smiled and started eating.we finished and talked for a little before heading back to the beach to light off some fireworks."make sure you put bug spray on I don't want you to get bitten"Dayton said "ok Dayton"I smiled at his protective characteristic"I'm just watching out for my little Ella" he smiled "thanks.i would tell you but my guess is you already have it on"I smiled "yep"he said "come on let's go"I grabbed his hand and walked out to the others It was a fun night full of laughter and really cool fireworks."Happy Fourth of July babe"Dayton kissed me "I love you"I kissed him back "I love you to"he said when we broke apart the kiss.Happy Independence Day!American
This is it. 
This is the day that I haven't been looking forward to. This is the day that I've been trying to put off for so long because I never really thought that it would get here. This is the day that I will probably regret waking up and fulfilling. This day, this day, this day. I really hope I don't fall on my face and make a fool out of myself on this day. I can't stress it enough. This day. I know you're probably wondering what day it is. Well, I'll tell you. 
"Honey, if you don't get out of my car in the next thirty seconds, I will push you out and run you over." my mother said with a bright smile. 
I rolled my eyes. I have learned to never take anything that my mother says for granted because she's only trying to be funny. What a great way of showing it, I thought to myself. I took a very deep breath and slowly opened the door and got out. Walking towards the building, I dread walking inside. Why couldn't the summer last for another whole month?! Or better yet, another whole year. 
"Addy," my mother called from her car, "have a good day!"
I rolled my eyes but nodded anyway. That's just the cliché line that mothers use on their kids in hopes that something will actually turn out right for them. Sadly that doesn't happen for me. I opened the door of the school, taking slow steps inside. I slowly made my way down the hallway. So far so good I thought to myself. As I made my way further down the hall, I noticed more and more people and suddenly the floor looked for interesting to me. I heard people saying things as I walked by, but I wasn't paying attention to that. 
Grandpa turned 100 this year. Our family members were all glad that he could live to such a ripe age, but he suddenly collapsed last week. The doctor said something about a weak heart and that he didn't have much time left. It came as a shock to all of us. He was a very fit and healthy old man. 
Today, we visited grandpa in the hospital and he requested to talk to me, alone. I was curious as to what he wanted to talk about, but never have I thought that this was what he wanted to say. 
"Xael, you're 18 this year, right?" He asked, but before I had a chance to respond, he continued. "Please, fulfill grandpa's death wish," he said in a weak voice, seeming out of breath. Now, how could I reject a dying man's last wish? 
"What is it grandpa?" I asked with a frown. "Promise me you'll do it first," grandpa told me weakly. "I'll do it. What is it?" I replied without hesitation. 
"Please marry... Uncle Mark's grandson."
"What?!" I exclaimed with wide eyes.
"Xael, I'm sorry this came at such short notice. But you have to fulfill grandpa's last wish, alrig—" Before grandpa could finish his sentence, the heart monitor sounded with a piercing flat sound. The constant breaks between the beeping of the monitor was no longer present.
"Grandpa, no, wake up!" I shouted as I reached out for the emergency button. 
*
Grandpa passed away that evening. Mom and dad didn't ask me what grandpa wanted to talk to me about earlier that day. I could sense that they already knew. 
*
It has been a week since grandpa's death. We all went to the funeral and sent grandpa on his way. We grieved, but we all knew that grandpa was in a better place. 
*
After all the happenings, I thought that the promise I made about the marriage with uncle Mark's grandson was forgotten, but I was wrong. That day, while I was cleaning my room, mom came to look for me. She said that she wanted to talk.
Oh boy.
A very short chapter to test out the response. Do you guys like it? Please let me know if I should continue with this story.
-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-
The 12 year old girl woke up from the crashing and shuffling downstairs. She got up and went to the top of the stairs.
"Daddy?" She whispered going down the stairs. When she got to the living room she saw her dad and mom tied up to a chair with her mom laying there unconscious. She quickly ran to her dad trying to help him.
"Stop!" He whisper yelled.
"No! I want to help you!" She whispered back.
"Elena, grab the house phone, go hide, and call the police." He whispered to her.
"No daddy, please." She whispered, tears silently falling down her face.
"Go sweetheart, I love you." He said out loud.
"I love you too daddy." She said and ran to do as she was told.
She quickly ran to the hallway closer and hid inside. She quietly dialed 911.
"911. What's your emergency?" The operator asked.
"M-my mom a-and dad their t-tied up. I d-don't know what to d-" She was interrupted when someone ripped open the closet door. She screamed as he grabbed her by her throat. He carried her until they were in the living room. Throwing her, she landed with a thump on the floor.
"I didn't know you had a daughter Jack." The man said.
"Don't you dare do anything to her." Her father yelled.
"Don't worry. She'll only watch." He chuckled, amused.
"NO!" She screamed.
The man looked at the girl smirking. All she could see was the scar on his arm. From the wrist till his elbow followed by a skull tattoo. She shivered and looked away.
"Gerard, don't do this." Jack said.
"You took everything from me, my family, my home, and my job!" He yelled getting his gun out.
"Please don't." Elena whispered.
"Nothing will change my mind!" Gerard yelled and pulled the trigger.
"No!!" She cried as she saw her dads head fall limp.
She ran to her father and shook him.
"Daddy, wake up daddy! Mommy needs you! I need you!" She sobbed.
Suddenly she was yanked up by her hair and a strangled cry came out. He was behind her holding her down by her arms, with his knife close to her stomach.
"Please. Stop." She gasped.
Suddenly, sirens were heard. Gerard started cursing under his breath. Elena suddenly had the courage to stomp on his foot and bite his arm. Her sudden attack caused him to slash her stomach from the hip to the bellybutton. Elena fell and held into her stomach, groaning in pain.
"We'll meet again soon." He whispered to her, before he ran off.
---------
Hope you like it. 
All Rights Reserved © 2015-2016 Oddy. No part of this is to be shared, copied, reproduced, stolen, etc., without the explicit permission from the author, Oddybody1221, Oddy, anyone who fails to follow this will be reported, and all that bad stuff that won't turn out so go for you :-) 
Anyways, I hope you enjoy my new story :-)
Oddybody1221👑 
⬆I get a crown because I'm a Queen😆 lol jk...not really
*****
Book Summary:
Sarah Hall has been overweight her whole life. She knows she is not average weight, and everyone does too, but it wasn't until she entered high school did it become a problem. Kids can hurt your feelings and be cruel, and the truth was, words did hurt, a lot. After entering high school her so called friends soon deserted her, joining the crowd of name callers. And all Sarah really wanted was to be liked, to have friends, be pretty. 
But you can't achieve beauty and popularity when you don't have the perfect face, the mean personality, and most of all the amazing and toned body. She found that out the hard way, so her plan; survive the last two years of high school, and this is all the life of the bullied.
Yet soon her peaceful days are over when James Black, the school's star soccer player, bad boy and you guessed it, hottest boy gains interest in her. Sarah doesn't understand it, James was always there, through everything that hurt her in some way, but he never once did anything. He never once reached a hand out to her, but he never lay one on her as well, he was a bystander. So why of all times now would he talk to her? No one knows, but she knew better than to believe in him, he was one of them, and she refused to be played.
Uploaded, December 28, 2015
Author's Note
In The Moment 
Copyright © (Findinglove9499) All Rights Reserved COPYRIGHT:
This novel, "In The Moment" including all chapters, prologues/epilogues and all associated content (i.e fanfics, teasers and content within blogs, social networks, and eReaders) is copyrighted. All rights reserved by the owner of creator of this work (Findinglove9499) and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of this copyright is punishable by law. Any links, images, brand names or otherwise copyrighted material is not my own, and is not covered by my copyright. No copyright fragment intended.
I had to do this. I worked really hard on this story and I will hopeful publish it one day. This story is mine and mine only. Everything written here is purely my imagintation. Any question, comments, or concerns let me know. ~Amanda
Original post date May 19th 2016Original final post date September 23, 2016
I turn in my seat to glare at my brother as he says yet another goodbye to his girlfriend. He's 15, what is there really to talk about?If course I'm one to talk, considering I'm only 2 years his senior, but I'm also at the age where I'm always right, as my mom puts it. But hey, maybe I am. I at least know I'm right about it not being ok to suddenly come home and tell your two teen kids that we are moving across the ocean to another continent, and are leaving in a week. That is totally not ok. And of course that is exactly what my mom did. 
Two weeks ago yesterday I was sitting at our kitchen counter happily, well not so much, doing the last pages of my homework, with my brother beside me jabbering away on the phone to his girlfriend, when our mom bursts in. Now usually its a tired opening and closing of he door, but today it was a bursting almost off the hinges. So that was the first hint something was off. The second was when our mom came up behind us and hugged us. Now my mom is a strictly no touch me type of person, and maybe that's where I get it from. So when she suddenly rushes up to squeeze the living daylights out of us we know is something is up. Now the third hint was the most obvious, but still how was I supposed to guess what the news would be?"Kids we need to talk." Now that got our attention. We both turned to our mom who stood against the counter across from us. When she saw she had our attention she continued. "Now, ever since your dad died I have been wanting to get away from here. And of course you know I'm originally from the U.S, but when I met your dad we moved over here." She pauses as this sinks in. An that was the final hint, the bomb was about to drop. "Ok, I'll get to the point. We are moving back to my home town of Paddington, Colorado. We leave in a week." And then she left the kitchen. Jut like that she tells us that we at moving across the world, from Ireland to the U.S, and then she freaking walks out of the room. I look at my brother who looks right back at me, and at the same second we jump from our stools and race out of the room yelling for our crazy mom. But it was to no avail, because here we are two weeks later in a small rented car headed to Paddington from the airport. Now if I was grumpy from getting up at 3 a.m in the morning, then I was the Grinch's evil twin after sitting on a plane for 13 hours with a 3 year old as my flying companion. And a whiny one at that. "Lighten up guys! You will get to see your grandparents for the first time! And just in another hour or so." This announcement from my mom, brings groans from both me and my brother, who is still saying goodbye to his girl. Now we have seen pictures of our grandparents and lord know they get pictures of us at least once a week from my mom who is an email-aholic, but since we lived thousands off miles away from each other it was kind of hard to we face to face. "No you say goodbye first." Before he can say it again I rip the phone from his grasp and put it against my ear. "Now whichever stuck up brat this is, I don't care, and obviously Tyler doesn't care, and for your information he will never see you again, so good bye." I end the call before tossing the phone back to my scowling brother. Now don't get me wrong I love him to death, but seriously he's 15 at this stage in life he practically lives to annoy me. So sometimes I wish I could love him to death. Emphasis on the death part. I send him a sarcastic smile before leaning my head against the window to watch the trees blur past. 
So not only does my mom take us halfway around the world, she gets us lost doing it. So here we are 4 hours later at 10 o'clock at night pulling into the two story house that our mom bought for us with our grandparents advisement. We pull into the garage door and the light instantly clicks on, illuminating the room. "Mom? Who's car is that?" I ask gesturing towards the black Charger next to us. "Oh well, you weren't supposed to see it tonight, but happy early birthday sweetheart. It's also kind of a welcoming present from you grandparents." I send her a hug smile before climbing out of the rental car and practically drooling over my new baby. "That's so not fair!" I hear my brother tell my mom. "Yes it is.you don't even drive yet." I say as I gently run my fingers over the shiny black paint. I let out a low whistle as I step back and admire it. Now I'm not one of this car freaks who knows every engine model that was originally designed for this year model of this car, but I do know how to appreciate a nice car. "Thanks mom." I say for the 5th time as I lug my bags up the stairs to my new room. "G'night!" I hear a muffled reply and assume its a night, so I continue up the stairs and into the first room I come to. Since I get the pick of rooms up stairs I easily decided on this one by the floor plans my mom showed me. Not only does it have its own full bathroom, but it also has a window seat and another window, and a walk in closet. I lug my two huge suitcases in the room and happily find it already decorated, since we sent everything except our clothes ahead of us, and our grandparents had people come in to put the place together for us. I open one of my suitcases to find some pj's when a light shines through my window that faces the side of the house next door. Startled I slowly walk up to the window, not stepping into the light until I poke my head around the window sill to see out. I feel like I'm in Taylor Swift's music video as I see the light is coming from a window in the house opposite mine. Since its dark out I only catch a glimpse of blonde hair and a waving hand before the light disappears. I squint into the darkness but can only barely make out the outline of the window. Frowning I close my blinds and slip on my shorts and big tee shirt, before setting my suitcase to the side and crawling into my queen size bed. Sighing I close my eyes and try to prepare myself for tomorrow. It's going to be a long day.
A/N I swear it gets better!! Thank you so much for taking time out of your lives to read my story. I was beyond shocked when my book hit 1k. And now here we are at 85k and I could scream from happiness. THANK YOU ALL TO THE MOON AND BACK!! Comment and vote, it makes my day. My other social media accounts are tehyaann_  (Instagram)teyart_ (my art account on insta)
So hit me up!! Bye!! Hope yall enjoy!
*update. ALMOST TO 100K READS. HOLY CRRAAAPPP!!! I want to give you guys a surprise, but I need ideas!! Comment suggestions!! Thanks!!
"Stella go check on the kids!"
I silently cursed under my breath as I dragged my feet towards Tamany Hall. I opened the large doors that led into the oversized hall and was surprised to find that all the kids were actually asleep. A few of them usually refused to go to sleep until I threaten to lower their breakfast rations. Good, it looked like I wouldn't have to do that today.
I turned on one of the few lights that lined the ceiling of the huge room, and began counting the kids to make sure that none of them were missing. Tamany Hall was a gigantic circular room with a 20-foot  dome ceiling that was mostly glass and let in a blinding amount of sunlight in morning hours. The kids were sleeping on individual bunk beds that were carved into the walls of this massive architectural-giant. Rumor has it that this building used to be some sort of political meeting place, and that one of the founder's of the Republic of the United Brotherhood himself, had once resided here.
37. I counted 37 sound and asleep kids. Turning off the lights I quickly shuffled out of the room, silently closing the door behind me before heading to Mother Jaylor's office. 
I entered her small office, and thankfully she had her back to me, I  gently placed the clipboard on her desk, careful not to make a sound,  praying under my breath that I would be able to get away without having to converse with her.
"All 37 present and sleeping. Night."  I swiftly turned away and managed to reach for the door handle when I heard her chair turn, followed by her voice.
"Stella not so fast, we need to talk. Come sit."
I sighed, so close yet so far away. I forced a smile on my face and turned around, plopping myself on the chair.
"Yes Mother Jaylor?"
"Did you prepare for your interview tomorrow?"
I looked away. Several interviewees were coming here to Mason Park to interview/insepct me and four other girls. They are going to see which one of us they would like to take home with them to their breeding "institutions," they are among the top 10 breeding programs in the nation, but that alone made me more sure of my choice not wanting to be part of them. 
I was turning 18 in a week and I didn't want to be sentenced to a life of breeding like the woman before me, I wanted more for my life. I wanted to take my chance and go for the DNA scanning, deep down I knew that I was never meant for this kind of life. I was meant to live in the northern part of the country in aristocratic places, wealthy places, intelligent, meaningful places. Not a breeding institution. I wasn't ready for the interviews nor did I care, breeder's are only allowed a scanning on the day of their 18th birthday, and I wasn't going to miss out on that chance. It was my only way out of here, and I didn't know how to explain that to her. 
Her eyes were narrowed at me, waiting for the response that she wanted to hear; her ears perched ready to hear me utter "yes". She didn't even suspect what my plans were, she thought I didn't know about my chance to take the DNA scanning test. 
"Listen Mom I tried telling you this earlier, but I will not be able to take part in the interviews tomorrow."
"And why not?" she asked mockingly.
"b-because I have other plans." I hated how small my voice sounded, so cowardly.
"What kind of plans exactly? All I have for your schedule tomorrow are 2 interviews, one from 11am until Noon, and then another from 3pm-4pm. You have the rest of the day off to prepare for the following interviews.  I don't see anything else for you on that day, mind to enlighten me?"
I bit my lip, silently searching for an excuse. I had had this all planned out yesterday, yet under the threatening look of her hawk-like eyes, all my thoughts were flushed and my mind was left completely blank. I began to panic, I knew if I told her the truth she would do everything in her power to stop me from going to the scanning.




Alexandra POV AHHH, AHHH, AHHH *lets just pretend that this is how a alarm sounds*
"Mmmhhhh" I groan as I reach for my alarm and hit it, okay I might of hit it a little too hard and may have caused it to smash into little pieces.
"Whoops" I muttered as I got out of my bed and headed to the bathroom. 
After I had a quick shower I dress in my "nerd" clothes which consists of a long sleeve white Botton down shirt tucked inside a checkered skirt, high nee socks and my white converse. Oh and don't forget the tie and nerd glasses. 
I grabbed my bag and a granola bar and headed straight out the door to school.
As I'm walking to my locker I bump into Taylor George aka miss barbie doll. 
"Watch where your going four eyes" she says, rolling her eyes at me then laughing with her so called "friends".
Agh sometimes I just want to punch that *insert swear word* 's face, I don't even know if I can reach her face considering its under all those layers of foundation. 
I let out a little chuckle before grabbing my books from my locker and heading to class
School went pretty fast and I was now making my way home. 
As I'm waking I hear a car getting closer and closer, I look back and of course it just had to be miss barbie doll and her minions.
"Hey there loser, walking alone I see, HA thought so since you don't have any friends"she says sipping on her milkshake.
God I just want to get that milkshake and spill it all over her fake hair extensions.
I just roll my eyes and keep walking.
"WAIT"As I turn around I feel this cold liquid being splashed all over my face and chest.
"Oops, I thought you where the trash" she says with an innocent smile then laughs along with her "friends" as she drives off. 
Ooh man now I'm just angry really angry. _______________________________
sorry that this was a very short chapter it's is my first chapter and I didn't know what to write. XoxMona
UPDATED A/N: 7.23.16
hi there! i'm here to make a little updated author's note. few things to know before you start reading:
1) THIS IS THROUGH A GUY'S POINT OF VIEW. yes, i'm a girl who wrote out of a male's pov. i don't know what compelled me to do such a thing three years ago, but i rolled with it and loved it. 
2) HE'S KIND OF AN ASS AT FIRST. he's an ass on purpose and with reason behind it. i've received several comments throughout the years on it, but he's just the kind of character you have to keep an open mind about as you head into the story. from the amounts of orders for a "reece" on ebae from past readers, i can assure you that he's not an ass the whole time. also if you get offended by him, please remember that it is not my personal opinion – it is his.
3) I STARTED THIS 3 YEARS AGO AND THIS IS MY FIRST COMPLETED STORY. writers grow and learn each day, so i'm aware there's definite revamping/revision to do, but that's for another day :)
so that's pretty much it! to the first time readers and the readers coming back to read again and again, i thank you for giving this story a shot. i hope you like it as much as i loved writing it. i hope they make you smile, laugh, roll your eyes, shout, and experience all the feels in between. my chatty author notes begin again on chapter eight bc of previous revision done a year or two ago. 
now read on, my friends. hope you like it xx
* * *
Chapter One: A Thousand New Beginnings
Stares.

Whispers.

Wide eyes.

Avoidance.

These are all common actions that people send me as I walked through the halls. Just one more year - senior year - and I'll be away from it all. My constant scowl and cold glares is enough to keep all the idiots from getting in my way. I'm not in the mood for the hormonal teenagers roaming around this school. A big percentage of them are snotty, conceited people who get everything handed over to them on a silver platter, anyways. All that matters to them is drowning in beer, getting laid, or blowing their parents' credit cards over useless items. They don't know what it's like to have it hard. What pain,struggle, and work is.

While self-righteous manwhores are too busy jumping from girl to girl and walking anorexic barbie dolls are wasting their times obsessing in front of a mirror, some people out in the world are working hard for what they need. But those people wouldn't know the first thing when it comes to scrapping enough hard earned cash just not to end up on the outskirts of New York City.
"Dude, will you wipe that look off your face? You look like you're going to take out a gun and shoot the whole school on the spot."

I snorted, my eyes lazily glancing towards Kyle with a look that clearly said, "Wouldn't that be nice?" Now Kyle knows what it's like, jumping every chance to get some money for his struggling family. It's why we get along so well.

A chorus of high-pitched, flirtatious giggles reached my ears as we pass, and I cringe. A group of jocks standing dead in the middle of the hall were busy playing a game of catch with a football. Each of them ignored my annoyed glare as we passed by. But just as I was almost out of earshot, a voice muttered, "What crawled up his ass and died?" I stopped and turned to face a cocky smirk playing on one guy's face. My eyes narrowed as he tested my limits.
Shutters, lawn nomes, and chimneys, down on Oak Lane sit two houses next door to each other. Just feet away from each other, a fence the only thing between the houses, live two very different people.
Under one roof hides a virgin afraid to talk to people her own age. Hiding behind thick glasses, and hard cover books, the school mute - Charlie Woods- lives left of the infamous Griffin Holmes.
In 97 Oak Lane Griffin Holmes is in his own personal prison. Griffin Holmes, the convicted delinquent who use to break and enter because he was bored, the juvenile thug who use to have an illegal underground tattooing ring, the bad boy that set the major's car ablaze because he is angsty, and psychotic.
Griffin Holmes has had his final drive in the back of police cars, strapped down with an ankle bracelet Griffin Holmes is under house arrest for murder. Now off the streets Griffin, the town psychopath is now just across that little fence every hour of everyday, right next to Charlie Woods.
Fourteen-year-old, Julie Campbelle, is forced to move in with her estranged father in Malibu, California, when her mother is off to a business trip in Italy for the rest of the year. Despite not seeing her father for several years, Julie is forced to build a bond with her wicked stepmother, Cecilia, and her two wanna-be cheerleader daughters, Annabeth and Elizabeth. When Julie attends Malibu High School, she suddenly falls hard for Ryan Moore, the captain of the Boys' Varsity basketball team.
Meet Ryan Moore. He's fifteen years old and the son of the CEO of Moore's Architects. A lover of basketball, he suddenly falls hard for the new girl in town, Julie Campbelle. However, when the two find out about the truth that hid behind the past and present of their family's history, Ryan and Julie must keep their relationship a secret. But, as the secret unfolds and the custody battle swooshes in, Julie is forced to move to New York City, and it is now up to the young couple to fight for their long distant relationship.
In a modern-day version of Romeo and Juliet, teen author, Melissa M. Futrell, brings you a story about two young lovers separated by a family rivalry so sick, you'd be at the edge of your seats. With a sprinkle of magic and several twists, the question brings us to: will you ever give up on the ones you love?
I looked at my gray eyed best friend and shook my head. 
"Come on why can't you guys try and be friends? He's my boyfriend and you're my bestfriend, why don't you like each other anyway?" I sighed as we walked towards the cafeteria. 
She threw her book bag over one shoulder and shrugged. 
"I've fucked way more girls in the past month than he has in his entire life." 
I cringed. 
Lia was openly lesbian and she has been for as long as I can remember. She was a bit of a player but that never got between our friendship, she understood the fact that I wasn't into girls. That still didn't stop her from flirting with me though and I was fine with that. 
"Hey, I'm thinking about getting another tattoo," She said. 
"Will your dad let you?" I asked as we pushed through the doors of the cafeteria. The moment we walked in all eyes were on Lia. It was hard to believe she was lesbian and guys hated it. She had jet black short hair, perfect curvy body and slim waist with perfect C breasts. Of course she wasn't the type of girl to overly expose herself. 
"Yeah, my dad just said no inappropriate tattoos or piercings." She shrugged as she rubbed her arms which both her forearms were covered in tattoos. 
She groaned and her entire mood changed. 
"What's wr-"I started to say before a warm pair of hands gripped my waist. 
"Hey beautiful," Nathan whispered in my ear. I giggled and turned around to face him. 
"Hi yourself. Are you sitting me and Lia today?" I smiled and pecked him on the cheek. 
He looked around and nodded. "I don't think Lia is sitting with you today." 
I turned around and noticed Lia sitting with a group of guys and a few girls on the other side of the cafeteria. It did hurt to see my best friend talking and laughing and sitting somewhere before telling me. 
Nathan must've noticed my disappointment. "Come on we don't need that dyke to sit with us." 
We walked toward my usual lunch table and I smacked his arm as we sat down. 
"Stop being so mean to her. Why can't you both be friends?" I scolded. 
"Whatever, if you want me to be friends with her then I'll try." He shrugged. 
I kissed him and rested my head on his shoulder. 
"This is why I love you." I smiled. 
"I hate to break up the little moment but Clarity, am I still going over your house?" I looked up to see Lia looking down at us with a smirk. 
"Why is she going over your house?" Nathan questioned. 
"Oh hey Blondie, I'm just gonna go and pop that sweet cherry of hers, something you'll never be able to do with that little-" 
"Oh my gosh Cecelia! She's just coming over to help with a history project." I blushed and looked down.
"I don't know if I want my girlfriend alone with a overtly sexual lesbian," I heard him mutter. 
I gazed up to see Lia biting her lip while she looked at me. 
"I'll be at your house as soon as I'm done with volleyball practice," She announced before walking away. 
"Is it true she fucked half the volleyball team this year?" Nathan asked. 
I looked up at him in disgust. "I wouldn't know, is it true you fucked half the entire 12th grade?!" 
I hated when people judged Lia by how she looked and acted, people are so stereotypical. It's not even like she showed off her body that much, she wore the usual jeans and hoodies. She wasn't some whore who slept with everything that moved, she has had quite a few girlfriends and that was it. Of course she didn't care how other people viewed her and that's what I admired about her. 
"I'm sorry I didn't mean it like that, I was just curious. How about I come over today and make it up to you?" His finger tips worked their way around my waist. He reached down and placed a tender kiss upon my lips. 
I giggled and blushed. 
"Fine but I don't want you messing with Lia," I warned. 
"Please, I don't even want to be in the same room as her." 
"Be nice."
He rolled his eyes and shook his head. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
BRRRRIIIINNNGGGG
The bell rang, signaling the end of the day. I walked out into the hallway to my locker. I pulled out my books and headed towards my car.
"Clarity!!!" I heard a scream behind me. 
I turned around to see Lia in her red, black and white volleyball uniform. 
"Jesus Lia, you didn't have to scream my name like that." I rolled my eyes. 
"Sorry, I was wondering if you would like to stay for the volleyball game?" She smirked. 
I never understood volleyball uniform, the shorts seemed so short and tight and the jerseys were sleeveless showing off a lot of skin, the only thing covering her legs were her knee pads. 
"I thought it was only practice today?" I questioned. 
"I switched the dates, tomorrow is practice today is a game." 
"Clarity." I heard a call behind me. I turned around and noticed Nathan coming towards us. 
Lia groaned and I glared at her. 
"Be nice." 
"Clarity are we still going over your house?" He questioned. 
"Oh my gosh, this dickhead is coming too?!" Lia whined loudly. 
I giggled but then stopped when I noticed Nathan's face.
"Why must you always be a bitch?"
"Why must you be a fucking slut?" Lia snapped. 
"Come on both of you, please be nice," I pleaded. 
Lia balled her fist up and turned her back. 
"Clarity it's fine if you don't go to the game," She said as she walked away.
I glared at Nathan. 
"What the hell was that all about?" I said. 
He shrugged. "I dunno, she's just annoying." 
Meet Amia Evans.
A 5yr old trapped in the body of a 17yr old teenage girl.
She is what you can call a geek but not by looks.
Loved star wars and is probably the sweetest person anyone has ever met. Not to mention childish too!!
Then meet Nicholas Adams.
Also, knows as 'Nick' and is the BADBOY of holster highschool.
He isn't just a Badboy because he has the looks or because of plays with girls.
But it's because there are rumors that he is involved in mafia gangs and is apparently very dangerous.
When our sweet little mia becomes a damsel in distress nick becomes her knight in shining armor and protects her.
Little did they know that one meeting could change their lives forever.
Join the hilly journey of nick as he finds his ray of light that lightens up his life in the form of a girl.

 hola chicas <3 
bienvenidas ... quería agradecer a  MyNameIsLiaa ya que ella hizo la portada , quedo hermosa 
y queria invitarlas a leer mi nueva novela EL JEFE - PAUL WESLEY 
besooooossssss <3



Khloe Adams una hija de papi como comúnmente la describirían todo el mundo pero a pesar de amar la moda y las comodidades que tiene gracias a su padre ama las cosas pequeñas y sin valor comercial . tiene 17 años va en ultimo grado y nunca ha tenido un novio , todos los que se han ofrecido aman su reflejo y son unos completos idiotas , ama la danza sin ella no  haría nada  .


Damon Hill es un verdadero chico malo con tan solo 20 años ha estado en la cárcel pff! Tantas veces que ni se lo imaginan , solo porque un chico ha intentado propasarse con Danielle su hermanita , odia a los ricos y sus superficiales personalidades , ama las carreras sean de coches o motocicletas , nunca ha tenido una novia ¿seria?  Su vida es de chicas desnudas en su cama cada día y noche y aparte de amar el sexo ama el boxeo .
¿Cómo será su vida cuando conozca a la princesa khloe? No se pero creo que será una gran historia de new york 
Edited 02/09/2016  
William's POV
"Turner!" Before I could turn around, someone was already on my back and I quickly grabbed her thighs, holding her.
"I missed you!" she said putting her head on my shoulder.
" Already?" I chuckled. "I was gone for a week."
"A week! That's too long." she breathed and ruffled my hair.
" Then I missed you too." I said smiling and started walking toward the lunch room.
"You wouldn't miss me if I didn't say it first?"
I shook my head, "Nope."
"Huh. Then you can let me go. I'm going to grab lunch with someone who likes me."
"Oh yeah? Who?"
"If you want to know then it's Mario. He's been asking me out every day since you left and I'm just considering to accept it." I loosened my grip on her, making her tighten her arms around me but I caught her before she could fall.
"Watch what you're saying." I said and she giggled.  
"Aww, is little Willy jealous?" she asked in a childish voice bringing her head closer to me.
"Don't call me Willy. You know I hate it." I said ignoring the jealousy part.
"Oki doki. By the way, you're buying my lunch." She said hopping off of me and stopping me from walking in the lunch room. Our school is big so we have to walk a lot from our classes to the canteen.
"But honestly Will, I really missed you." She wrapped both arms around me and rested her head on my chest. I hugged her back.
"I know. I missed you too." We stayed in our places, hugging each other for a few seconds longer before pulling away.
"C'mon, lets go. You must be starving." I wiped away the few tears that were streaming down her cheeks and took her hand.
"How did you-"
"It's the end of the month and you're wearing sweatpants. I know you are on your period now." She blushed, looking red like a tomato and looked down.
" Did I embarrass you? Okay, I won't talk about it anymore. Sorry. Just come here."
"Actually, I'm gonna go find a table. But you can buy me a huge sandwich and pudding if you want." She quickly kissed my cheek before walking to our table. She added extra sway to her hips and winked at me. I chuckled, shaking my head. God, my friends are awesome.
I bought an extra large sandwich with bacon and ham,strawberry and chocolate pudding and chocolate milk. That was all for her, I won't eat today. Maybe steal from her a little. Well, lets see.
I started walking toward our table expecting to see everyone on the table or just Bella. But it was neither. Bella was there but she wasn't alone.
Mario was sitting next to her.
I clenched my jaw and rushed towards them. I placed Bella's food in front of her and slid on the seat next to her.
"Mario."
"William." He turned to Bella, "Think about what I said." He said before giving me one last glare and walking away.
"What did he want?"
"Oh, just wanted to ask me out again. And to ditch you to hang out with him but you came before I could say anything." I nodded, watching as she started eating her food.
Hi guys..!!!!So this is my first story and it might be boring at first but it'll get better. Please ignore my mistakes because English is not really  my language and feel free to point out my mistakes. I will edit this story once i finish it. I will post 1st chapter till Wednesday because of my school i wont be able to update daily but i will try my best to update. If you don't like the story please leave or find another story to read but do not leave hate comments or comments about how bad my story is. No offence but if you don't like the story make your own one or find another one to read. Do not and i repeat Do not cheat my story. If you want you can message me and i will give you some ideas about the stories you can make.Warning: Mature Language will be used so read at your own risk..!!I hope you enjoy this story...!!!!!!!!Adios Amigos ;)
I am an asshole.
I've heard it all before. If you smile at me, I probably won't smile back, if you hold the door open for me I wouldn't thank you, nor would I ever do the same.
It's not that I'm a bad person, (well maybe I am but who cares?) but I don't try so hard to be a good person, because what's the point? Kindness has gotten me nowhere in life, but to be fair, nastiness hasn't either.
I'm not a pessimist, or a dreamer, I'm not really anything except a twenty-year-old boy who's having depressing thoughts because it's 6 in the morning and I have to get ready for work.
I work as an environmental maintenance man, which is a fancy way of saying an outdoor janitor. It's my duty to keep the streets of Melbourne city clean, as my boss Ray Dickson would remind me every shift.
My life has been a cycle of work to live and live to work. I've been on my own since I was eight, I didn't do too bad at school, but I knew university just wasn't for me.
I have no idea what direction my life is headed except for the fact that I'm going to die someday, which probably shouldn't be a comforting thought, but if you've lived the life I've lived, seen the things I've seen; death doesn't seem so bad.
You know how some people use the phrase, 'I have a small circle?' well in my case, I'm more of a dot on a blank page.
In fact, my only friend is a goldfish I call Winston. Looking after someone or something other than myself brings meaning to my meaningless life.
I know it may sound dark and tragic and all, but despite what some might think: I'm not sad or lonely. Alone? yes, and not particularly happy, but I've been through worse. I guess you could say I'm content with where I am.
I try to make as little human contact as possible. My greatest fear is any form of human relationship, because let's face it, you meet someone, grow attached, love them and then what? they leave.
Nobody can tell me that's not the case when my own mother – the only family I had left on this godforsaken planet; let me go when it was just her and I.
I've been hurt before; can you tell?
If the people who were supposed to love me, didn't, why would anybody else? If they weren't genuinely interested in my wellbeing, who would be?
I lay in my small uncomfortable bed and think.
It would hurt, a lot, not gonna lie. But over time I grew a hard shell, things don't get to me anymore. I'm alone and I'd like to keep it that way.  
I have no interest in making friends because making friends equals losing people you care about; though I'm made of stone, I'm not willing to test it by being vulnerable to stuff like that. 
I don't need that.
I should probably get up and bring the first phase of my morning routine to an end.
I roll of my bed and stretch, cracking every bone in my body it would seem.
I look at my small bed against the wall of my bedroom and wonder how I avoided any physical deformities sleeping on that thing.
I'm not complaining, I may not have people to call a family or people to call friends, but I have a roof over my head and a bed to sleep in.
Despite it being the crummiest of apartments, with no heating and everything in one cramped room; it's home to me. 

"Do I really have to go?" I asked for the tenth time that morning in a desperate attempt to sound convincing.
My mom looked at me with the same sympathetic smile that she'd given me the nine times before. "Yes, sweetie. Trust me, it will be good for you."
"I don't need to go back to high school. I already graduated."
"I know that but I'm worried about you. Just try, for me?" She leaned against the counter across from me and gave me a pleading look even though I knew that I had no choice in this. She didn't need my permission to force me into this and I didn't need to be okay with it. I wasn't okay with it.
I rolled my eyes at her and then quickly scarfed down the rest of my bowl of cereal in hopes that eating away my nerves somehow might work. "It's going to be hell, I hope you know that."
"You'll make friends." She assured me, going back to putting away the last of the clean dishes.
"Yeah, who doesn't want to be friends with the freaky genius new girl?" I muttered sarcastically as I put my now empty cereal bowl in the sink beside my tall mother.
"Stupid people." She smiled, wiping her hands on her jeans as she leans against the counter beside me. "Besides, Luke will be there. He'll help you out."
"I don't need my overly charismatic brother pushing his friends onto me out of sympathy." I argued with a look of distaste. I was sure that Luke had nice friends and everything but I could see him paying them off to be nice to me or to hang out with me or something just so that it would look like I had friends. I really didn't want that to happen though.
My mom laughed with a bright smile as if she wasn't worried about my impending doom at all. "You'll be fine. Put some effort into this though, at least for a month. If you want to quit then, I'll pull you out. Deal?"
I nodded at her but I was still very hesitant. "Fine, whatever. It's not like I have a choice."
She kissed my forehead like she did when she knew that she'd won an argument. "That's the spirit, Lindsay." Looking at the time, she realized that it was almost time for us to be getting to school so she rushed over to the stairs to yell for my brother. "Luke, let's go!"
Seconds later, Luke came rushing down the stairs with his school bag slung over his shoulder. All three of us shared the same dark colored brown hair but I think that Luke's was darker than mine just by a little bit. He was taller than me, even though he was minutes younger but other than that, we looked a lot alike. Thin brown eyes, small noses, we even had the same long smile. 
"And you don't even have to do well in your classes, that's not what I care about at all. Just make some friends." My mother added, as if that helped me think better of the situation. It didn't.
"That works for me too, right?" Luke asked as he was running his fingers through his hair in an attempt to make it look less like a tangled mop on top of his head.
"You haven't graduated yet." My mother reminded him. "Once you graduate, you're more than welcome to go back and flunk every class. First time around, though, it's work before friends."
"That's fair." He muttered sarcastically.
I gave him a small glare because he didn't realize how good he had it. "At least you don't have to do it twice."
"Yeah, whatever. Come on, we have to go now or we'll be late," Luke informed me that it was go time. I was going back to high school even though I've already graduated so many years before. My mom didn't think that I had any friends, and she was right, because I might know everything but one thing that can't be learned is how to talk to people. The one thing that Luke excelled at, I just couldn't get right.
Like a wise man once said, "bad boys are no good. But good boys ain't no fun." And let me tell you one thing. He was completely right.
"That's Kyle Queen a.k.a. the ultimate bad boy. He is a bad news, stay away from him if you don't want to get hurt."
"Not only is he a bad boy, he is also a playboy. He breaks too many hearts. He's not good for you."
"If you start hanging out with him, the only thing you will have left will be your broken heart."
I was warned about him. I heard rumors about him. Did I listen? Of course not. 
I still wanted him. Ever since I've met him, my life has been nothing but a rollercoaster. Up, down, up, down, constantly. He was the one who made me feel alive. He made me feel different, like I could do anything. He changed my life. He changed me.  He was like a drug to me. And when I got him, I couldn't get enough.
The real question is, was it worth it? Worth all the tears, the worries, mistakes, problems and other things he's caused?
I guess we'll all have to figure it out.
Hey luvs, this book was originally the gang leader's babygirl but I changed it because a mafia is a lot more sophisticated and organized ya know. Just a little fun fact I guess anyways, story and description coming soon!!! 
WARNINGS:
[1] This story will include graphic violence, rape and detailed thoughts of suicide/self-harm. 
[2] This story, well, all my stories here will have lots of swearing so don't read my sh-t if you don't like it.
[3] This story will definitely include explicit sexual content, so if you are a hormonal 13-year old, please don't read this. The thought of it makes me uncomfortable. 
[4] This story will also include substance abuse (drugs, alcohol, etc.)
Now, if you have any suggestions or want to say something about my story, please comment and let me know what you think! 
______________________________
COPYRIGHT © 2013 NAOMI CHARLES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL MATERIALS ON THESE PAGES ARE COPYRIGHTED BY THE 2012- WATTPAD USER, I_SWEATERGAWD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. NO PART OF THESE PAGES, EITHER TEXT OR IMAGE MAY BE USED FOR ANY PURPOSE. THEREFORE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION, STORAGE IN A RETRIEVAL SYSTEM OR RE-TRANSMISSION, IN ANY FORM OR BY ANY MEANS, ELECTRONIC, MECHANICAL OR OTHERWISE, FOR REASONS OTHER THAN PERSONAL USE, IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION.
© 2015 by GeneralLeeAwesome. All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express permission of the author
"It is a universally acknowledged truth that high school sucks. In fact, high school is where we are first introduced to the basic existential question of life. How is it possible to exist in a place that sucks so bad?"
Hello everyone has read my books Moments and Forever, which I hope you enjoyed. 
So this is a little message from yours truly to say that there is no patterns for updates so don't be waiting for them and make sure to not correct my grammar errors. 
I will edit all my books so have no fear. 
Anyway before this gets too far. Let me know what you want to have in the book.
More action? Leave comments about what particular thing. 
All Rights Reserved Copyright of Broken_Dream07, Nicole Kaps. All content from here on out also belongs to the owner. This story is for pure fun, enjoyment and entertainment. All related topics are fictional. The University is fictional and events that happen between characters do not necessarily happen in real life. Don't plagiarise, they say. Don't disrespect the author and cheat by taking her story. You have been warned.__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
A lot of terrible things happen in this world. The good and the bad are fragments of our memories that we categorise them into, so at any given time we can rank through those recollections and seek them out. We savour the happier ones, of course, because some may be too upsetting to remember.
I shudder. The memory of my parent’s bodies lying in two separate black coffins does nothing but make me feel sick. I was fourteen when they died. The day before Christmas stained eternally from there on. It didn’t get any better when I had to move states to live with my Aunt Stacy. The comfort of my home was a comfort to someone else’s. Before long, Victoria became my playground and Stacy filled the role of a legal guardian. During my pre-teen years, my relationship with Stacy had been stiff and edgy. I learnt the hard way around her and fending for me became a requirement than it did with gradual growth. I had to grow up quicker for the sake of keeping up with her. Some days were easier than others and Stacy, the starving artist she was—is—couldn’t have made it harder.
Funds from my parents were accessible at the beginning of my eighteenth birthday and despite the misfortune, I’m grateful for the chance to live the life I was sheltered from. I knew I wanted to go to university at the beginning of my tenth year at high school. The problem was money; therefore a scholarship became the only option.
Sweat and tears and numerous frustrations later, I got accepted.
Now here I am, hyperventilating outside of Prestwick West Campus wondering whether leaving Stacy’s house and moving into a dorm room for the next three years was a good idea. Adjusting isn’t a problem for me; it has more to do with people than the environment. The suitcases beside me feel heavier than this morning; the heat of the typical early March tingle my bare skin.
There’s no one to congratulate me on the beginning of my journey as an individual of society; no one to wish me luck or to converse with. I am like everyone who has ever walked in the unfamiliar hallways that they will be settling into. I will stumble and scrape my knee. I may make friends that will escort my soul until the end of time. Love doesn't stray to far from that possibility either.
Right now, none of those thoughts are worth it. In this moment, it’s just me and the University. 
Él, cuatro años mayor que yo, el peor idiota de la historia de los idiotas, un estúpido mujeriego, un hombre tan incompetente que ha repetido casi tres veces la misma clase en la universidad por lo tanto ahora es mi compañero... él es un idiota que ahora me tiene bajo su mira.
Él es Jamie... mas conocido como el patán Jay entre mis amigas.
***
Hola, hola, holaaaa... esto es algo nuevo en lo que estoy trabajando, quizás tenga pronto un prologo pero quiero acabar primero las otras novelas, yo creo que están bastante segurxs de quién es Jamie si ya acabaron ¡Probemáticos! xD Pronto sabrán quién es la chica n.n
*Ligero cambio en el reparto*
All the love, Vicky.
Dear Readers,
First of all...thank you! I'm so glad you're giving my book a chance. I'm so excited for you to start this journey with me. It's always fun to hear your thoughts throughout the story, so don't be shy. I try to respond to as many comments as I can. Rude comments will go ignored, of course, but if I have the time to respond to the others then I definitely will. Also, please point out any grammar/spelling errors. :) 
For all you romance lovers out there... I hope you fully enjoy this one. It's got bits of humor thrown in to help relieve some of the drama. I hope it's everything you're craving in a love story. :)
Note: You won't find sex or language in this story, so it's appropriate for all ages. 
Not a fan of romance... that's okay. I've got another story that may interest you. "Fig" is an epic fantasy story that I plan to make into a trilogy. It's packed with adventure and grit. I hope it appeals to those who wish to immerse themselves in another world. 
That's all folks!! ;) 
Don't forget to vote, comment, and follow!
Love you all!!! :D
Stavo rannicchiata sul mio letto, con le ginocchia tirate al petto, e fissavo un punto indefinito nella mia stanza. Pensavo a quanto mi facessero schifo le pareti di colore rosa e viola. Avevo dodici anni quando dissi a papà di voler la stanza di questi due colori. Chiusi gli occhi e le immagini di un anno fa non avevano intenzione di andare via dalla mia testa. Ormai da un anno non sorridevo più, evitavo i ragazzi, uscivo poco, a volte ignoravo anche le mie amiche. Mi sentivo chiusa in un buco, dal quale mi riusciva difficile uscirne. 
« Tesoro, tra poco la cena è pronta. » mia madre aprì la porta della mia stanza e mi stava fissando. Odiavo quello sguardo. Ormai anche mia madre sembrava che stesse provando pena per me. 
« Non ho fame. » dissi per poi girarmi sull'altro fianco e dandole le spalle. 
« Layla, devi mangiare.. » sentii il materasso abbassarsi leggermente, e mi resi conto che si era seduta accanto  a me. 
« Ti ho detto che non ho fame. » dissi con tono duro e mia madre si alzò dal letto e uscì fuori. La sentii mentre scendeva le scale e tirai un sospiro di sollievo. Ogni volta cercavo sempre qualche scusa per non presentarmi a tavola. Ero diventata quasi irriconoscibile, ero dimagrita tanto e odiavo il mio aspetto. Ormai non mi prendevo più cura di me stessa, sembravo uno zombie e a volte ricevevo occhiatacce. 
Sentii bussare alla porta della mia stanza e mi girai per dare un'occhiata. 
« Avanti » dissi con voce fioca.
« Ehi, piccolina.. » Clayton si avvicinò a me e io roteai gli occhi.
« Dimmi che non ti ha mandato la mamma..» feci una smorfia e gli diedi le spalle. Le sue lunghe dita si posarono sulla mia spalla scoperta e trasalii. 
« Scendi, Layla.. altrimenti giuro che ti imbocco io. » disse Clay con tono serio.Mi alzai dal letto ed ebbi un capogiro. Mi aggrappai al suo braccio e lui mi strinse a sé e mi baciò la testa. 
« Layla..devi superarlo.. » serrai gli occhi e uscii dalla mia stanza. Clay era dietro di me e mi teneva cautamente il braccio. Un senso di rabbia mi pervase il corpo. Odiavo quella situazione, e odiavo quando si comportavano con me in quel modo. 
« Oh, siediti tesoro. Stavo giusto mettendo il cibo in tavola. » disse mia madre con un sorriso smagliante.
Mamma, lo so che stai fingendo. 
Sentii la porta dell'ingresso chiudersi e feci un debole sorriso. Papà era arrivato. Mio padre era avvocato, mentre mia madre era infermiera. I soldi non ci mancavano, e i nostri genitori cercavano sempre di offrirci soltanto il meglio. Mio padre si tolse la giacca e mi diede un bacio sulla fronte e mi sorrise dolcemente. Ormai lo faceva sempre, e mi trattava come una principessa.  Tutti mi davano attenzioni, a volte anche troppe. Ma ciò non mi cambiava la vita. I miei occhi erano sempre spenti, e avrei voluto essere allegra e spensierata come tutte le ragazze della mia età. A soli diciassette anni, con la vita distrutta e sogni chiusi nel cassetto, senza mai tirarli fuori. 
« Layla, è da una settimana che non vai a scuola.. » disse mia madre, accarezzandomi la mano. 
« Lo so, mamma.. Non me la sentivo di andarci.. » giocavo con la forchetta nel piatto e lo fissavo con lo sguardo vuoto. 
« Non puoi continuare così. Domani torni a scuola. Mancano soltanto tre mesi di scuola, devi riprenderti Layla. È passato un anno, so che è difficile ma non puoi autodistruggerti così. » questa volta fu papà a parlare, e quando usava quel tono autoritario, alla vecchia me avrebbe fatto paura, alla nuova me non importava. Clayton mi accarezzava la schiena, e io decisi di mandare giù qualche boccone per far felici i miei genitori. 
I wake up to the sound of my alarm going off. I get out bed and turn it off before picking out an outfit. It's the first day of school so I decide to wear something cute. I choose a white lace flowy crop top, a mint green skirt, and black sandals. After I set it out I work on my hair and makeup. For hair I curl it in loose waves. For makeup I do a neutral eye look with winged eyeliner and mascara. I get dressed and go downstairs for breakfast. 
I walk in the kitchen to see that mom made pancakes before she left for work. I put 2 on my plate and eat them with chocolate syrup. After I finish breakfast I go upstairs and brush my teeth and put perfume on. I grab my keys and bag before leaving. As I walk out the door my brother's best friend Blake walks up on our porch. 
"Hey" he says looking me up and down
"Creep much?" I ask with my arms folded across my chest
He smirks at me and walks in the house. I roll my eyes and walk to my car. I get in the driver's seat and drive to my best friend Ashley's house. Once I'm in front of her house I text her and let her know that I'm here. She walks out and gets in the passenger seat. She gives me a quick hug before putting her seatbelt on.
"Hey" she says
"Hey" I smile
"Excited?" she asks
"I don't really know how to feel" I laugh
"Where's lover boy?" she asks
"He said he was getting a ride from his Jack" I say
"Oh" she says before getting her phone out. 
She gasps and turns to me "There's a party this weekend we have to go" she squeals
"Who's party?" I ask
"Blake's" she says "We have to go it's a back to school party"
"Ok ok fine" I laugh
She squeals happily and sits back in her seat. We pull into the school parking lot and park close to the school doors. We get out and I lock the doors. We walk in together and go to our lockers which are next to each other. I open mine and put my bag in there after taking out my schedule and the books I need for the first half of the day.
"What class do you have first?" I ask
"English. You?" she says
"English" I smile 
I close my locker and face her and compare our schedules. We have English, History, and Gym together. As we turn to walk to class a pair of arms hug me from behind. I look back and see Luke smiling at me. He's my boyfriend of 6 months now. We were chemistry partners last year and before the year ended he asked me out on a few dates and then we became a couple. I turn around and hook my arms around his neck and press my lips to his. He smiles in the kiss and holds my waist. He grips my waist pulling me to him. Suddenly a throat clears next to us, making us pull apart. I look over y shoulder and see Ashley smirking, Josh glaring at Luke, and Blake just staring at me. Luke lets my waist go and holds my hand.
"Luke I would appreciate it if you'd stop making out with my sister in front of me" Josh says 
"Sorry dude" Luke says
I unhook our hands and walk to class with Ashley. We enter the classroom and find seats close to the back. When the bell rings, the teacher walks in and starts going over the class curriculum. 10 minutes into class someone walks through the door, making all of us look towards it. Blake stands at the door scanning the room for a seat. He sees me and smirks; he walks towards us and sits in the seat right behind me. 
• Xavier  #1 THE DARK SERIES
• Wanting Julian
• UNTAMED MEETS BILLIONAIRE 
I lazily wake up from my bed when my mom calls me. Its 6:30 in the morning and i have to go to that stupid prison which they call school. 
Before I say anything else let me introduce myself. 
My name is Adelina Patterson.I have green eyes and wavy brown hair that crosses past my shoulders. My face is average most people say that i am preety and can even beat a model but i don't wan to be influenced by these things i rather sit at home and eat pizza while watching Netflix. I live with my loving mom and dad who are the best parents in the world, my mom's name is Emily Patterson and my dad name is Richard Patterson. I also have two twin brothers, one is Jarred and the other is Nick.Jarred is older then Nick from 2 minutes. They are totally alike if Jarred says something Nick would follow him and say the same, typical twins, but i love them both very much. 
So lets come back to my room ,I rush to the bathroom and shower, after i am done bathing i grab a towel and wrap it around my body, 
I open my closet deciding on what to wear. 
Deciding what to wear is a tough decision because you have to be sure that people won't judge you saying that ' hey you wore that yesterday right ' I won't want people ask me these things. 
So i am looking inside my closet now and my eyes landed on a white polo shirt with a V-neck, I examined it nicely and decide on wearing it with a tight black jeans and a black booths. 
I dress up quickly and do my make, I don't appy a lot of makeups like the wannabees so just a slight touch-up does the thing.
I did my make-up and head down to the breakfast table. 
My mom was making pancakes for us. She hands me over the plate and puts the pancake on it. I slowly chew on the pancake savouring the taste.
" Darling would you take Nick and Jarred to their school on the way to your school " My mom requested putting the rest of the pancake on the table.
" Sure mom I'll do that " I warmly smile and accept to do it. The twins are playing with eachother using their flock and spoons as weapons. 
My mom shush them and lets them eat. I laugh slightly at that. After i am done eating i took my bag and keys heading out to start my car. 
" Boys come fast " I call out to them while opening the front door.
" wait a minute " they both say in unison, they were still eating their cakes, mom won't let them go until they finish it fully. I slightly laugh at that and head out to start the engine. They both come running out followed by mom who is carrying their bags. She hands them their bags and kisses them both on the head. They both giggle and kiss her on the cheeks.I open the back door for them to enter .
" Hop in guys " I tell them and they do what i say. 
" Bye mom " I say once they are in the car. 
" Bye darling " She said back looking at us go. 
" We have arrived " I told my brothers who are practically playing in the car. I unbuckle them and let them go to their school.I said my byes and go off to mine.I arrive at my school and park my car. Many people have arrived by now I went to my locker and put my stuffs there. Just then I heard someone call my name. I turned around to take a look at him even though i know who it is. 
"Adelina " He was shouting my name like a maniac, was he crazy. 
I approach my bestfriend with a hug and he returned the same gesture by hugging me back. 
Let me introduce him , he is my bestfriend derek. We have been friends since we were 5 years old. He has dirty short blonde hair and dimple that complements his smile more making the girls go crazy over his smile. Two girls passed us and waved at him while he just winked at both.I rolled my eyes on that.
So you guys may want to know how i met him. 
I was playing in the park when some of the kids came and started bullying me. I was crying and telling them to stop when i heard someone shout at them i looked at that person and he was coming towards my direction. He kicked the boy who was bullying me and jumped on him and started beating him. The bully's friends ran away from fear leaving him behind. I stopped him from beating him more and pulled him away from the boy who was being beaten.
He was crying and ran away. I thanked him for saving me, he told me his name was derek and that's how we became Friend. We have been inseparable since then. 
Some people mistake us even as couples, can't blame them for thinking like that. We are just that close.
" Why are you shouting my name you idiot " I scold him while slapping his arm.. He laughed it off Sticking his tongue out like a child. I rolled my eyes on that. We took our things and went to our class. 
We entered the classroom and sat on our desk waiting for the teacher to come. We were talking about random things when Cathrine entered the room. 
Cathrine is the most beautiful girl i have ever seen. 
She has dark brown eyes ,her hair is long and blonde colour crossing her till her mid back. Today she was wearing a black top with jeans complementing her body.
I met her when derek took me to his friends house.It was love at first sight but i can't do anything about it we haven't actually talked and she is also Derek's crush. He has been in love with her for the longest time and i don't want our friendship to end because of something like that. 
So I just have to bottle it up and never let anyone know about my feelings. 
She entered the classroom and smiled at me when she passed me I returned the same gesture with a smile.The class started when the teacher entered the classroom. The room became silent .
The class ended fast, with derek trying to disturb me by nudging me every time I tried to concentrate and me doing the same to him. 
I even stomped my foot on his leg, he somehow shouted in pain making the teacher turn back. She excused him because it was his first time, while me on the other hand was giving him an innocent smile. 
We had one more class before lunch break it ended faster then anticipated.
We went to the cafeteria, where we saw our friends sitting and talking about random things. 
We sat ourselves down and listened to what they were talking. 
" Are you guys coming to the party today? " jay asked while taking a bite of his burger. Jay has black short curly hair and is also known as the heartbreaker of the school. He has never committed to anyone till now and i don't think he would ever do that. " Yeah sure man when is it " Derek asked all excited about the party. 
" At 7 today " jay said taking one more bite of his burger .
" Ok cool we'll be there " Derek shrugged while taking a sip from his cup. They were other friends too aside from jay and derek there was Rebecca, Cecelia, Justin and Tj. But giving everyone's info would be too tiring again.Rebecca and Justin are a couple they always stick together like a bottle and a cap. I want to give other example but well i don't remember any. 
We went to our own class after lunch. Derek did not have the next class with me but Cecelia and Rebecca had the same class with me so i don't have to worry about being bored. 
******************************This is a new story that i am working on i hope you guys like it. 
And yeah if you liked it do add it to your library.Follow me votes and comment ;-)
Azunoluki ~
-Sequel to The Bad Boy's Girl-
The Bad Boy's Girl Currently has over 100 millions reads and over 1 million votes! 
I hope you guys show the sequel as much love as you've shown the original book <3
LET THE CRAZY JOURNEY BEGIN
Again. 
Author's Note
Greetings Wattpad readers!
My name is Jordan for those who don't know me. I really prefer you call me that over my username. It has been a long time since I've started something new-- I hope you haven't grown bored of me. I'll be around for a little longer!
This is the first book I've written where I'll be changing POVs. I wanted to give a little forewarning about it because I haven't done this in awhile. I'm pretty sure 75% will be in the main females POV, but I'll be using the main males POV a little bit as well (like in this prologue). I hope it doesn't become too confusing for you and I hope I can do the male POV justice.
I'm very aware of the many types of books / t.v shows that are akin to this story. I'll do my best to make sure you don't feel like you've read/seen this before! I just thought it would be fun to do my own little take on it. As a wise person once said, "If a story comes to you, you've got to get it out."
Thanks for clicking on the story and I hope you continue to enjoy it!
For updates and news make sure to follow me on Twitter: @JordanLynde_ - don't forget the underscore. Someone took my name D:
Thanks for you support!!!
(p.s this is tagged as teen fiction because it is my target audience, but it's really new adult!)
Without further ado, please enjoy :D
                                               ----------------------------------------------------------
Bennett's POV
     Who knew that in one sentence your whole world could come crashing down around you? One line and everything you worked so hard to keep was gone as quickly as a flash of lightning. For me that line was, "Bennett, it's time for you to settle down with someone."
      I looked up from where I was lying on my VIG Chesterfield sofa, shoes off to keep from ruining the material. My mother was giving me such a deep disapproving look that I almost, almost made a move to sit up properly. However, I was too comfortable, so I continued lying on my side, one arm hanging loose over the edge of the cushion, my cheek on the cool leather.
    "This again?" I said tiredly. Settling down wasn't in my future any time soon. And knowing my mom, she definitely meant marriage and not 'settling down'. 
    "You're almost thirty, Bennett," she continued, folding her arms across her chest, the many bracelets on her arms jingling as she moved.
     I raised an eyebrow at her. "I'm twenty-five. I don't really think that's close to thirty."
     "Your father and I married when we were twenty-two," she said matter-of-factly.  "It's time for you to stop fooling around and creating scandals and making our family look bad—"
     "I don't create scandals—"
     "—And it's time for you to start your own family so we can give a head start to the next successor of our business," she pressed on, holding her chin up high.
     I now pushed myself into a sitting position, making sure to smooth out my waistcoat. "You expect me to meet someone today and fall in love with them and get married and have children? It doesn't work like that."
           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)

June 2016.
THE BAD BOY BEHIND THE MASK 
by MsRetarded

This book is a product of my imagination and no character,situation or any part of the story can be represented outside. This book is the result of my own effort and talent. No one shall copy or plagiarise this text or format in any of their books.

This book is exclusively found on wattpad and is updated by only one user. Please do not copy and please let me know if you find this being copied.
Hello everyone!
A wonderful idea popped up into mind and since I have a very weak memory power, I decided to write it down. This book is going to be really interesting and it won't disappoint you. If you like bad boy and nerd stories, then you'll love this one. 
Please do PM or comment if you find this book being plagiarized. Trust me, this book may inspire you and make you write your own stories, but do not Copy!
And Constructive criticism is always welcomed and I appreciate everyone's feed back.
Do vote and comment if you like.
Happy reading!
:D
I kicked him straight in the face and didn't hold back. He was going to punch my left cheek but I saw it coming and ducked. He looked surprised by the action and then I took my chance and did a round house kick. I knocked him out cold.
Uda mi się. 
Zdążę.
Jeszcze tylko kawałek. 
Niecałe 100 metrów. 
Pomimo palącego uczucia w gardle, przyspieszam, wkładając w bieg ostatki sił i energii. Nic nie słyszę. W uszach rozbrzmiewa mi jedynie jednostajny dźwięk, dudnienia własnego serca i przyspieszony, sparaliżowany strachem oddech. 
80 metrów. 
Biegnę wzdłuż plaży, rozchlapując wodę dookoła i wzbijając w powietrze tumany piasku. Boję się odwrócić głowę, ale wiem, że jest tuż za mną, z każdym krokiem zmniejszając dzielącą nas odległość. 
To się nie może dziać naprawdę. 
Boże, dopomóż mi. 
Mówią, że w chwili, gdy do naszego mózgu dociera adrenalina, a nasze zastygnięte w bezruchu ciało budzi się i powraca do życia, potrafimy błyskawicznie podjąć decyzję. Przestajemy się zastanawiać, czy lepiej zginąć tu, na miejscu, stojąc w bezruchu i błagając o szybki koniec, czy też nie poddawać się tak łatwo i walczyć do upadłego. W skutek pobudzenia nagłym przypływem energii, zwiększamy swoją moc i siłę, wykazując wysoką sprawność fizyczną, której byśmy się w życiu po sobie nie spodziewali. 
Teraz rozumiem to, aż za dobrze. Nie miałam pojęcia, że potrafię tak szybko biec. 
60 metrów. 
Gdybym chociaż zaczęła krzyczeć, wołać o pomoc. Ale nie... To właśnie w tej chwili głos musiał uwieźć mi w gardle, a ja nie jestem zdolna do wydania choćby najcichszego szeptu. 
Biegnę, z trudem walcząc o każdy oddech i uparcie, metr za metrem, kieruję się naprzód, mając przed oczami zarys zbliżającego się molo. 
W ogarniających ciemnościach, nie widzę drogi przed sobą, więc, gdy potykam się o zbudowany, przez jakiegoś szczęśliwego dzieciaka, zamek z piasku, o mało nie lecę prosto na twarz. 
Znowu ten cholerny zamek! Za każdym razem z impetem wpadam na niego, nie mogąc dostrzec go wcześniej i uniknąć ryzyka nieuchronnego upadku. 
Staram się, jak najszybciej złapać równowagę i pędzić co tchu dalej, nie zważając na osobę, biegnącą za mną. Wmawiam sobie, że jest daleko w tyle i nie zdoła mnie dosięgnąć. 
Po prostu wyłącz myślenie i biegnij. Już niedaleko. 
50 metrów. 
Zbaczam z wyznaczonej trasy i oddalając się od brzegu morza, kieruję się ku drewnianym belkom pomostu i bezpiecznemu miejscu, znajdującego się pod deskami molo. Złudnie wierzę, że tam mnie nie dopadnie. Nie tym razem. 
Uda się. Uda się. Uda się! 
Mój sparaliżowany umysł, ledwo rejestruje narastający ucisk w klatce piersiowej, suchość w ustach i łomot serca, skupiając się tylko i wyłącznie na widoku miejsca, z którego uparcie nie spuszczam wzroku. Pomimo kilkudziesięciometrowej odległości, niemal już widzę skrytkę, znajdującą się dokładnie pomiędzy drewnianym pomostem, a piaszczystym podłożem. Wystarczy, że przecisnę się pomiędzy belkami i będę bezpieczna. Tam mnie nie dosięgnie. Jestem mała, zmieszczę się. On nie. 
Chyba. 
40 metrów.
Ktoś musiał rozbić butelkę na plaży i nie pozbierać szkła. Zapewne paczka przyjaciół, grupa nieletnich, nielegalnie popijająca w ukryciu i ciesząca się łamaniem niepisanych zasad. Zapewne teraz, gdy resztki ich wczorajszej imprezy, bezlitośnie wbijają się do moich bosych stóp, powinnam być na nich wściekła, ale w chwili, gdy przez otumanione ucho, docierają do mnie z tyłu bolesne odgłosy i jęki, ranionej osoby, mam ochotę poznać ich i osobiście podziękować za lekkomyślne zachowanie. 
To go spowolni, a ja pobudzona nową dawką adrenaliny, nie czuła na ból i urazy, uzyskam dodatkowe, cenne sekundy czasu. 
Tak bardzo chciałabym, by to wszystko się już skończyło. 
Biegnę, wysoko wyrzucając kolana do góry, choć teraz, każdy krok staje się coraz trudniejszy, a każdy oddech, sprawia coraz więcej bólu, pochłaniając moje płuca rozszalałym ogniem. Czuję, że zostało mi niewiele sił i długo już tak nie pociągnę, biegnąc bezustannie na najwyższych obrotach. Jednak, gdy wyczuwam jego obecność tuż za mną, jeszcze bardziej przyspieszam, wkładając w bieg wszystkie pozostałe pokłady sił i energii. 
Uda mi się. 
Ucieknę. 
Teraz wszystko zależy ode mnie. 
30 metrów. 
Teraz wszystko może się zmienić. 
Jestem tylko ja, on i mój głośny, spazmatyczny oddech. 
Wdech... Łomot serca. Wydech... 
Wdech... Łomot serca. Wydech... 
Wdech... Łomot serca. Wydech... 
Wszystko przebiega, jak w spowolnionym filmie. 
Czuję, ucisk na ramieniu. 
Dopada mnie. 
To już koniec. 
Nie wyrwę mu się. 
Ucisk jego ręki zwiększa się i powala mnie na ziemię, popychając twarzą ku piaskowi. Pod wpływem siły zderzenia, spadamy razem, uderzając z impetem w piach, w plątaninie rąk i własnych ciał. Przygniata mnie, udaremniając próbę ucieczki i uwolnienia się z żelaznego uścisku jego ramion. 
Jest za ciężki. A ja już nie mam sił, by walczyć. 
Już za późno. 
Zawiodłam. 
Nie zdążyłam dobiec.
Zawiodłam samą siebie.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hej, hej! 
Dziękuję, że wpadłeś i czytasz moją debiutancką powieść :D 
To dla mnie naprawdę wiele znaczy i z przyjemnością wysłucham Twojego zdania i opinii na temat moich tekstów. Przyjmę na klatę każde słowa krytyki :D 
Jak wrażenia po krótkim prologu? 
Jakieś domysły? ;)
Heyyyyyyyyy. (That was a lot of 'y's'.)
So, I thought I'd write a kind of sort of new book (this one, obviously) and I like chocolate.
I'm sorry, I just can't keep on topic. I'm watching X factor right now haha.
Anyways. So, I'm starting a new book and I decided that I'm going to give this all my attention. I want to make this book great, and y'know, I just really like writing.
I know the people reading this are probably thinking: 'What's the point of this if she just keeps rambling on?' Well, yeah. I just thought that making an introduction to this story will be a good idea.
So. Just a little warning. This story will contain:A great overwhelming feeling of feelings and/or emotion (that made no sense whatsoever)May or may not cause an individual to break into tears.May cause anger, pain, or even the urge to punch a wall, or break your phone, laptop, whatever device you are on (JK NONE OF THESE WILL PROBABLY HAPPEN BUT AT LEAST THE BOOK SOUNDS INTERESTING NOW) 
It will contain some [R] rated scenes and have cuss words (I may censor the cuss words in order for the chapters to be public and not private). It can cause anxiety, and other stuff. Updates may not take too long.
Read at own risk. Please, don't copy this book. I wrote it all. I thought of ideas, the title, the number of chapters, just everything.
Now, it's not like I have millions of people reading this, but I do hope this book could inspire you, or someone.
Hello readers, it's Gigi◆ Please remember to give feedback on how this book is going.
The lovely Miranda Kerr has been casted as Anastasia... This is just how I imagine her to look like, you can imagine whoever you wish. 
By the way all pictures goes to their rightful owners. 
Also Honey Bunnies, I know that Ana might seem like a bit of an airhead with the choices she makes, but please no hate. If you don't like this book, don't hate on it. Believe it or not Aliens have feelings. Give it a chance..
REMEMBER THAT THIS BOOK HAS NOT BEEN EDITED SO SORRY FOR ALL THE MISTAKES. I WILL BE EDITING THIS BOOK ONCE IT IS COMPLETED. 
REMEMBER THAT EVERYTHING IN THIS BOOK IS FICTION, IF ANY NAMES OR PLACES IS SIMILAR TO YOUR BOOK IT IS ENTIRELY COINCIDENTAL.
If you copy this book I will personally shove 23 frogs up your butthole. ;) 
Anyway enjoy the first chapter of Mr Grumpy
Anastasia's POV
I sighed as the rain poured down the windows. How on earth did I manage to get lost in 3 minutes? I convinced myself to find a shorter way to school since the other way is full of traffic you know?
I am lost and my car broke down, I mean really? At least my radio works though. I turned the radio to a station then waited for a song.
"Oh I love this song." I cheered and began singing the chorus.
Because I'm happy, Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof
Because I'm happy, Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth
Because I'm happy, Clap along if you know what happiness is to you
Because I'm happy, Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do.
I grabbed my bag and Ignatus; My camera. I named my camera which means flawless in Latin. I don't really know latin but I googled it, it counts right? I always loved photography It's like catching every moment.
I opened the car and slightly stumbled out of it clutching onto the door incase I fell. Oh god I am going to be late. 
I sighed heavily and began walking to no where. I looked around and all I saw were trees; it was absolutely beautiful. I took a couple of pictures of the surroundings, I also spotted some cute birds that had flew around.
After about 5 minutes of walking to no where I squealed as I saw an abandoned warehouse, maybe there is someone there. It was a rusty blue colour with broken red painted words.
I began to run through the mud and almost slipped but luckily there was a branch next to me. As I walked closer I saw a small man, he was sitting by the entrance waving a little stick in the air. He had on a blue patchy outfit, maybe he's homeless.
"Hi there." I smile brightly making both my dimples appear.
"Hello there girl." His voice squeaked and I giggle lightly. I took a quick photo of him making him glare a little but I waved it off.
"Um so I kinda got lost and my car broke down so I was wandering if I could get a ride?" I asked softly making weird hand gestures.
"Sorry girl I don't have a car," He sighed and I nodded understandingly.
"Well do you know where I could find one?" I asked hopefully, I mean I didn't have a phone, mom bought me one but I kinda broke it the other day, and she still doesn't know.
A very very special thanks to GlitterandDust7000 for the amazing trailer. 
Cover made by Brokensht
UPDATING SCHEDULEEVERY WEEKEND
~Tiffany
This sure took awhile! I don't know how often I'll be updating this since I'm currently busy with other things, but I will make sure to update whenever I can. 
I've noticeably improved since writing my previous book, but I still have a ways to go, so hopefully you can bear with any errors I may make. 
Feedback of any kind is appreciated!

-Picture of Keegan


Keegan's POV

My name is Keegan Canterberry. I'm a loner. Not so much by choice, more so due to the many events that have unfolded throughout my short life. 
When I was eight my grandparents died in a car accident. I was really close with them. They would come over every weekend and have dinner with me and my parents. We'd usually hang out and tell stories by the fireplace. Mine were always very expressive stories about animals. Everyone would laugh when I placed myself in the middle of the room and acted them out. I always went into great detail when talking about penguins. For some odd reason I had an unhealthy obsession with them at the time. I still find them extremely cute to this day though. 
I would make sure to steal my grandma or grandpa's lap whenever I could. I loved the feeling of their hugs, and their sweet smell. It always made me feel so cheerful. I was a total sucker for hugs, I think I still am actually. 
Every Christmas I would run down the stairs and eagerly await my grandparents arrival. I was more excited for them than I was my presents, which is kind of unusual for kids. I guess I'm just a leech for any type of affection. My mom and dad would always laugh at how clingy I was. I'd even stick to them. Whenever my grandparents were gone I would migrate towards my parents like a magnate. 
We've had so many great moments that whenever I think back I can't help but to smile. 
One night in November my grandparents were coming over for dinner. I remember being glued to the glass of the front door, like some kind of plunger. I watched as the thick snowflakes drifted from the gloomy sky and hit the pavement. Before I knew it, it was already seven-thirty, and my grandparents still hadn't shown. They were warned by my parents that the roads were slippery, so I assumed they were just being cautious, until about nine that night. We got a call reporting a crash. My father rushed out the door wearing a look of distress unlike any I've seen before. My mind couldn't processes what was going on at the time so I stood still, clueless. My mom took me by the hand, into the living room so we could watch TV. She tried to comfort me, but now that I look back on it she was more frightened than I was.  I fell asleep on the couch still confused as to what was going on. 
I woke up about an hour later to hear the door pop open and chatter coming from the same direction. I crept over to the noise and poked my head out the corner. My father looked horrified as he forcefully pressed the heavy words from his lips. What had come out of his mouth shook our worlds. He confirmed the death of Mrs. Darline and Mr. Feral Canterberry, my grandparents. My mother fell to her knees, breaking out into tears. I soon followed behind, startling my unsuspecting parents. My mom crawled over to me and wrapped me in a tight embrace as I bawled my eyes out. 
After that night everything started going downhill. My father grew into a deep depression that eventually lead into a drinking problem. I could never fall asleep at night without crying my eyes out for a half an hour first, unless I had my mom by my side. She held it together better than all of us. 

With every passing day things only got harder. My dad eventually got fired from his job. He had a lot of trouble finding another, and when he finally did we had to move all the way across country. We bought an apartment and moved in some of the stuff from our previous house. Our new home was nothing like the other. It was cheap since my father was trying to save money. When I entered the dingy looking apartment a musky smell swept pass my nose. I wasn't used to this kind of environment. I spent the previous nine years of my life growing up in a clean, beautiful home. This one definitely had mold, not to mention the neighbors were loud. My room had a much better layout this time around though, so it wasn't a complete loss. Even so, I couldn't sleep properly the first couple of nights. I felt uneasy sleeping in an unknown space.
Hi people, who are interested to read my books. 
So this is the sequel to my book 'Moments', I apologise for the poor description but I'll fix it soon. 
Anyway, I hope you all enjoy this sequel. I promise it will be as same as the first book in humour.
The first chapter will be published soon, don't worry. It will a continue of where I left off in the previous book. 
That's about it from and I hope you guys like this sequel. 
I'll see you in the next chapter. 
Look, it's Alex Pettyfer! Honestly guys, I don't know what the hell he's wearing but what does it matter, he looks better without clothes anyway. Screw clothes, I choose freedom! 
Oh yeah, Alex is Ryan.
~*~*~*~
This is my first book, so it probably sucks. Just a warning.
I own all of these characters. Blah blah. For obvious reasons, if you feel like stealing any part of this story then please just don't.
There are references in this book that you may or may not understand, depending on your level of awesomeness.
And be warned, chapter eight is a disaster and I hate it with all my heart.
Read on!
~*~*~*~
"I have a very serious question for you," Tara grunted, obviously struggling to pull on whatever item of clothing was next in the pile of possible purchases.
"Hmm, what's that?" I asked, sipping on my boysenberry smoothie. The deal that Tara and I had was; she bought me food, then I went shopping.
She backed out of the fitting room with her ass sticking out.
I raised an eyebrow, unsure of what I was supposed to be looking at.
"Does my butt look big in this?" She asked, turning her head around to look at me, while wiggling her eyebrows.
To anybody else this would be a strange scene, but Tara doing strange things was more like a daily occurrence.
"Yes," I said, nodding my head.
"Well in that case, these are the jeans that I will buy," she grinned, straightening up and prancing back into the fitting room.
I shook my head. I worried about her.
After purchasing her jeans, Tara decided that she absolutely needed a donut. She doesn't even like donuts.
So I sat at a table in the food court and watched Tara flirt with the server at the donut place. She came back wearing a grin a mile wide with a brown paper bag in her hand.
She placed the paper bag in front of me and plopped into the seat on the opposite side of the table.
"So," I said, pulling the cinnamon doughnut out of the bag. "How was your encounter with the donut man?"
"I think I'm growing on him....like athletes foot."
I almost choked on my mouthful of donut.
"Athletes foot?" I snorted, my eyes watering from breathing in the cinnamon.
"Yeah, that grows doesn't it?" She said, her forehead crinkling in confusion.
"Yeah it grows, it's just not the greatest analogy to use."
"What did I tell you about big words?" She said, narrowing her eyes at me.
"Oops," I grinned, crumpling the paper bag in my hand and finishing the last of my smoothie.
"How are you not fat?" She asked, eyeing the paper bag and empty smoothie cup as I threw them into a nearby bin.
"I love food and it loves me back," I replied.
"If I ate as much as you I would look like Mrs Hartley," she said, with a disgusted look on her face.
Mrs Hartley was one of the english teachers at our school. She sat in a electric wheelchair, that was literally the size of a small car, because the bones in her legs couldn't support her weight.
That's exactly what I told my parents when they transferred us from Scotland to Ann Arbor in Michigan, USA. After Dad lost yet another job and Mom decided she's had enough of her tiring but stable job as a teacher in a rather small local primary school, they made a decision about leaving. But not to another town or a city. Not even to another British or even European country. No, they had to aim high and set their minds on the United States, the country of hamburgers and cowboys. Which was of course everything I could ever want as a vegetarian who was afraid of horses.
I did everything that was in my power to make them change their minds. I begged, yelled, cried, all for nothing. I even threatened to make a run for it and live with our sort-of-haunted aunt in Northern Scotland. I must not have been persuasive enough because it didn't give me anything. Even Everett, my older by eight years brother who has almost taken my side before decided to stand against me now. As a result, before the school year was even finished, I found myself already packed and making preparations to quit both my normal and music school.
I think it was him I blamed most. My brother always supported me, always was there for me and helped me with every matter. He was the mediator between me and our parents when something went wrong. He was the one who held my hand when I refused to learn how to walk led by any of my parents. He was my idol, my hero and my personal bodyguard since the very day I was born - and maybe even earlier. So when I heard him answer with a yes to the question asked by Mum and Dad, I couldn't bring myself to believe it.
And it that moment, when I stood beside him and with wide eyes watched his lips form that one, short word, something inside me broke irreversibly. I knew it then, - when tears streamed down my face and I run upstairs, closing my bedroom door in his face to never open them again when he knocked - and I knew it now, when nothing about the two of us was the same anymore. We were distanced, nothing like what we used to be. There were days when you couldn't see us apart, when we've spent every second of the day and night together, too busy to even eat breakfast. Right now, all that was between us was cool politeness and mutual tolerance when we passed each other in the kitchen or on our way to the bathroom. I knew he wanted to make it right again, could feel he needed me to forgive him. And I wanted it, too, every fibre of my being screamed for me to forget it all and go back to the old days. But even though my heart and my soul wanted to forget, my brain - the real estate of humans feelings - couldn't bring itself to do it. Not after what he did to me. Not after he stuck that one final nail to my coffin despite knowing how much I wanted to remain upside and living.
That was why I ignore him now, when he finds me eating cereal at the kitchen table and wishes me good morning.
"Could you pass me the Cheerios?" He asks, grabbing a bowl and sitting down next to me.
I resume eating.
"Cheerios are mine. Yours are the chemistry-filled killing devices with the taste of a soap." I tell him.
"You could have easily used the term Lucky Charms, as most people do." He responds, reaching for his cereal box reluctantly.
"I'm not most people." I reply curtly, shoving a spoonful of cereal into my mouth.
I can hear the first of his nerves snap in his long, tortured sigh. And as much as my pure and good heart hates it, the dark, wrenched part of me squeals with delight hearing this.
"Daira, we've talked about this." He sounds exasperated. "Even though you're different, you have to at least try to fit in."
"What for?" Those are my nerves now that are close to snapping. "So that I could make some friends, start and new life and pretend nothing happened?"
ADVERTENCIA: La autora no se hace responsable de posibles carcajadas, ganas de matar a los protagonistas (o amarlos) y comederos de cabeza. Lee bajo tu responsabilidad.
Esta historia está sacada total y únicamente de mi imaginación, cualquier copia o adaptación sin permiso de la autora queda completamente prohibida.
NOVELA REGISTRADA EN SAFE CREATIVE.
        Copyright & Disclaimer
        Young Adult Content. Restricted, 16+ only.
        Copyright © 2012 by Clay Morebn
        Photograph: Stock photo. Posed by models.
        Cover design by Clay Morebn
        All rights reserved. No part of this work may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the writer, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews.
        This is a work of fiction. Anything in this book that may be considered offensive or derogatory is not being condoned, as mentioned, it is fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)
"Neighbors?!" I couldn't hide my shock. 
We haven't had neighbors in my neighborhood for years. Well, new neighbors, we haven't had new neighbors in years. So when my mother told me the news, I was shocked. 
I live in Virginia, in a nice small, very small, neighborhood, with my mother, and my little brother (who is a pain). 
We're not hidden in the woods or anything. No, the neighborhood isn't a wreck and has trash everywhere. It just always gets looked over when new families want to find a house. They always drive by to the next neighborhood where theres huge houses and a big park for the children. But my mother didn't have all the money to go there so we stuck with our two story coral-color house with chipped paint and weeds all over. 
"Yes!" My mother replied, breaking me out my thoughts. 
"Oo oo is there a boy there my age to play?!" My little brother, Christopher (Chris) asked. He's 13 and can be really annoying. 
"I haven't met them yet...but we will soon." She smiled. 
All I could think was, I had to record this in my journal. 
SundayI don't know how I feel about new neighbors. The last neighbors, from what I learned from my mother, died.There was a fire and the house burned down, and the whole family sadly died. It took a while to build another house but it was made and has been empty from last year since... now I guess.
I sat my pencil down and looked out the window and saw that my window was right across from another window. Then, as I looked closer I saw posters of bands and... Is that a half naked girl on one?! 
Well now I know that a boy will be living across from me. Great. Now I have to have my curtain closed all the time-which I hate. Sometimes when I looked out it I see pretty red birds flying by, but now all I see are pictures of naked girls and scream-o bands. 
I look one the window one more time and then headed down for dinner. 
As I got down I smelled the beautiful smell of a casserole pasta. Chicken alfredo, to be more exact. 
I sat down in front my plate and dive right into eating. 
"This is delicious." I say with a mouth full of food. 
"Thank you." My mother said. "I have enough for you to bring to the next door neighbors if you don't mind?" She asked me sweetly. 
"Can I go after I finish my food?" I groaned. 
Cover credits to weightingoId 
(Gabrielle's POV)      Jack sits down at the table and hands me my coffee. "Decaf double shot espresso for the newly-single" Jack pokes at me. He invited me to coffee to make sure I was okay from my breakup with his brother. "Shut up," I respond with a half smile. "Hey, don't take this too hard. Please. My brother is just an ass and he doesn't deserve you.""Thanks. I just can't believe he'd dump me. I thought he was better than that.""He doesn't know what he feels, he was new to the whole dating thing.""Yeah true.""So anyways, lets talk about some upbeat stuff, how is soccer?" He asks with a smile. "Pretty good, we are undefeated right now and I haven't let any goals in all season,""Dude that's awesome! You are gonna go pro no doubt.""Haha thanks!" We continue to talk for an hour at the coffee shop before we leave and go to the park. Jack and I walk for about a mile, talking and watching funny videos on our phone before we spot swings. Being the 5 year old I am, I pull him onto the swings. "What are you eleven?" He asks. "On a scale of 1-10 yeah," I respond sarcastically. "Ok for real though, how are you?""I don't know. I mean it hurts a lot but I will be fine soon.""Good."We have a competition to see who could get the highest the fastest on the swing. He won. Just as our laughter comes to an end, my stomach drops as I see Kyndel's best friend Kyle approaching. "Hey! Heard Kyndel finally dumped you. Finally he will shut up about how much he wants to leave your ass." He says as he cracks up. "He talked about wanting to break up?" I question. "Yeah for like the past 2 months." He remarks. "Oh lovely" I say, tears welling up in my eyes. We only dated 3 months. "Hey he finally took out the trash" he says, at this point literally laughing his ass off. "Ok that's enough. Leave her alone. She doesn't deserve this. Now get out of my site before I get mad." Jack says as he rises from the swing. "Haha you're funny. You think you're so tough. You're just a freshman little shit. I'm a junior. Do you really think you could do shit to me?" He laughs and just walks off. Jack follows him. "Hey, Kyle!" Kyle turns around. Jack throws his fist at Kyle and hits him square in the jaw. Kyle laughs. "I'm sorry. Did a fly just land on me?"Kyle punches Jack on the nose. Blood drips from his nose and Kyle kicks him. Jack falls to the ground. Just as Kyle raises his leg to kick him again I but in. "Kyle. STOP!" I run over to Jack and stand infront of him. Instantly, I realized that was a mistake. His kick hits my shin and I instantly give shin guards more respect as I fall to the ground. "You both are pathetic." Kyle says and leaves. He turns around when he's about 30 feet away. "Oh and Gabrielle. I'm so terribly sorry for kicking you. You've had a rough enough day obviously. After all you got dumped bro!" He says with a sarcastic smug smile. As he leaves, I turn to Jack. "Oh my god! Are you ok?" I ask him, panicking. "Well nothing's broken. At least the day couldn't get any worse." He says. Just then. Go figure. It does. His phone rings. "Hey mom." He says. He puts her on speaker. You can hear his mom's tears running. "Honey, we don't know what happened we barely got out. So much was ruined."She begins to say. "Mom, what's going on?" He asks nervously. "Honey, half the house burned down, including our rooms. We can't stay at our house.""Then where are you, me, Kyndel, Landon and dad gonna stay?""Well, two friends of ours are letting us stay with them. The Johansen's. Yeah and you're friends with their daughter, Gabrielle Johansen. Right?"At that moment I black out.
♥ Catherine's P.O.V ♥
I fluttered my eyes open, as the morning sun coming through my windows almost blinded me. I sat up from my previous horizontal position and scratched my head. 
Bringing my warm feet to the wooden floor, I stood up and walked towards the bathroom. I took a hot shower and wrapped my body with a clean white towel. Heading back to my room and straight to my closet, I thought about the laundry I had to do after school. I literally had like three tops, a skirt and two jeans that were still clean.
Today was the first day of my senior year. I decided to wear a black skater skirt, a red tank top and my leather high heel lace up boots. I put on a little make up and went downstairs to prepare some breakfast. 
I made some pancakes for my little brothers and checked my schedule for the day. As I said before, it was the first day of school, so I had gotten a day off from the ice cream parlor, where I worked. However, I had to babysit my brothers and a four-year-old girl. 
The previous night, a nice woman had called me and begged me to babysit her daughter. She was the boss of another mum, who I was babysitting her boy, so I accepted. She had also offered a pretty big amount of money, which made everything better.
I wiped the sweat that had formed on my forehead, due to the heat of the hotplate, and placed the pancakes on the dinning table. I quickly ate my portion and run upstairs, almost tripping over a step. 
"Good morning, little monsters!" I shouted to my nine-year-old twin brothers.
"Gosh, Cat! Stop!" Max said, holding his blue pillow over his head.
"Yes! We just woke up, man!" Jake agreed.
"Okay, okay," I laughed. "Just wake up and get dressed. We have school today. You don't want to be late," I said and started to walk out their messy room. "Oh, and I made you some pancakes," I remebered. 
As soon as these words left my mouth, they both stood up and started running towards the kitchen, without looking back. 
I shook my head and chuckled.
They are suckers for food.
After twenty minutes, I drove them to their school and then made my way to the Blue Lake High.
The parking lot was already crowded. Getting out of my car, I spotted some of my classmates. Waving at some of them, I walked to my locker and waited for a specific person-
"Hi, Cat!" 
There he is!
My bestest best friend, Hayden Walters. The captain of the school's basketball team. The guy every girl in my school finds hot. He is about six feet tall, with blonde hair, blue eyes and most importantly; a six-pack. 
He is my best friend since birth. We were born on the same day, in the same hospital. Twenty-fourth of February. Our mothers were put into the same room, and that's how they became friends. Since then, he has never left my side.
"Hi, Hayden," I said and hugged him.
"What's up? What are you doing after school?" he asked quickly. We usually didn't have so much time to talk and catch up in the morning. We talked about a thing or two and then went to class.
"Um, fine I think," I said unlocking my locker and dumping my bag in it. "After school I have to study and babysit a little girl. Can you, please, pick up my brothers from school?" I begged him, 
"Sure I can! Do you want me to come and help you babysit?" he offered. 
"Yeah, that would be awesome. I have to ask the girl's mum if she's okay with it, of course, but other than that I don't have a problem."
"Great," he nodded, "I'll pick up your brothers and if that mum agrees, I will stay and help you. See you at lunch, Cat," he waved at me and headed to his class.
"See you," I said and the bell rang.
❁  A T   L U N C H  ❁
I sat on my usual table with my friends; Hayden, Lucy, Nick, Cody and Bella. 
"Hi guys! Wanna watch a movie tonight?" Lucy suggested, taking an apple from her tray and bitting on it.
"Uh, sorry Lucy, but Cat is babysitting tonight and I'm most probably helping her. Maybe another time," Hayden said, caressing her shoulder with an apologetic look.
Apparently, Mrs Ellie, didn't have a problem with Hayden helping me, which was cool, because I would be really bored to look after three kids alone.
"I can't come either," Nick said, raising his hand. 
It was a habit he had acquired from elementary school. Every day, he would start talking in class without raising his hand, so our teacher would punish him. After a few punishments, he got bored and got used to raising his hand in order to speak when he was around many people. All in all, you could say it's our teacher's fault. 
"My cousin broke his leg and I have to visit and keep an eye on him," he continued. 
Also, Cody was working at a pizza place, thus Lucy and Bella decided to have a girls' night.
I was jealous, to be honest, but not because they were having a girls' night without me... Just because they had free time to do so. 
I sighed to myself, thinking about how easier my life would be if my parents were here. Since they died in this fatal car accident, I am in charge of my brothers and I have to make sure they have everything a child in their age needs. Not only that, but I also have to actually bring money to the house, but working as much as possible. 
"Cat!" someone brought me out of my thoughts.
"Um... What?" I asked, waking up from my daydream.  Looking around, I noticed that the cafeteria was nearly empty and an impatient Hayden was staring at me confused. 
"The bell rang five minutes ago," he informed me. "Are you coming?" 
"Yes," I nodded and stood up. I followed him to our class, which I paid no attention to, like every other that followed. 
That's how the rest of my classes passed like a blur, and first day of school was finally over.
PROLOUGE: Present Day
Katie's POV
Coffee, has become something anyone living under this roof desperately needs in order to make it through the day. A time when I could get at least eight hours of undisturbed sleep seems like a time so long ago.
Six months ago, I couldn't even imagine it being possible for a baby to take away so much sleep from you. Another thing that amazes me about babies is the fact that they can cry so loud! I'm across the hall from where the baby sleeps and her cry still manages to jerk me awake.
Her name is Mollie, she's almost seven months old and she defiantly has lungs. Oh, here's an important fact, she's not my baby! She's my older brother, Dominick's daughter.
Despite it being his daughter however, more than half the time my parents are the ones who are up with her in the middle of the night. They're the ones who fed her, change her and rock her back to sleep.
What does Dominick do? Sleep, most of the times he'll continue to sleep and lets th parents handle it. Is he an irresponsible dad? You might think so at first glance, but if you look closer you'll see he's just a scared-confused teen dad.
Does he love Mollie? I'm actually not sure yet, I can't truly tell. I'm not home most of the time, which means I don't see the two of them together. However, when I do see them together, it seems like Dominick is doing this because he feels forced to. Not because he actually wants to care for his daughter.
Right now, I'm in my bedroom finishing up my essay about the water-cycle. Dominick is downstairs napping in the living room trying to catch up on some rest. Lately Mollie has been getting up a lot more in the middle of the night.
This of course means even less sleep for everyone. Mom believes that Mollie is just in the first stage of teething. Dad is so lucky that he's out of town on business. He gets the privilege of missing out on losing even more sleep.
I've been working on my essay for about an hour and half. I think that means I've earned a little ten minute break. Coming out of my room and going downstairs, I make sure to be as silent as possible.
Dominick was able to put Mollie down for a little nap an hour ago. Apparently all afternoon he had been struggling with getting her to nap. Downstairs, I go into the kitchen and find some yogurt in the fridge.
I walk out into the living room and turn on the TV. Dominick wakes up shortly after I settle on a TV program to watch.
"Do you have to watch TV right now?" he asks in a sleepy voice.
"You bet." I reply. Dominick lets out a yawn and tells me to just make sure to keep the volume on low. At first, I think it's because he wants to avoid any chance of waking Mollie up, but then I begin to think it's just so he can return to napping in peace and quiet.
That's not going to happen. I pretty much got the same amount of sleep he did, but you don't see me napping. I make it a mission to prevent Dominick from napping. I make sure to make lots of comments about the show.
Eventually Dominick gives up on any chance of returning to his nap and joins me in watching TV. It's not long before my ten minute break turns into a thirty-minute break with no plans of ending. 
It's not my fault all the good shows air at this time of the evening. 'What time is it?" Dominick asks. I take a quick look at my pink and purple wrist watch. "Five fifty-two." I reply not taking my eyes of the TV.
I hear Dominick let out a sigh. "It's about time that Mollie gets fed her dinner." He says. "How kind are you feeling today Katie?" he asks after a few moments of silence.
We have a tiny little battle of negotiating. In the end, the deal is I'll wake Mollie up and if she begins to cry calm her down. Then bring her down and Dominick will fed her and bathe her afterwards.
To be honest, I feel that he gets the better end of the bargain. Sadly it's too late to re-negotiate though.
Upstairs, I open the door of my brother's room. The crib is located where his old desk (which is now mine) used to be. Mollie is lying down very peacefully. Part of me wishes that I didn't have to wake her up.
"Mollie girl, time her dinner." I say rubbing her back a bit. It usually takes a few moments before she wakes up. Please don't cry I beg inside my mind.
A few moments pass and then another few and she still hasn't woken up. I give her a few pokes but yet she doesn't stir. Suddenly I feel the panic take over. I quickly lift her out of the crib. "Mollie! MOLLIE!"
*AUTHOR'S NOTE* Thank you for reading this chapter. I'll post Chapter One, the first chance I get. I have school to do so be patient. I'll try to post one chapter every week, but don't hate if I'm unable to.
You'll learn a lot more about Katie and Dominick in the next few chapters. 
What's going to happen to Mollie? 
Read and find out ;P 
- booknerdian

Weeks went by and we haven't heard anything from the police, I was told again and again not to worry, but how could I not? I had a mental psychopath after me and he would stop at nothing to have me, he's said it himself. 
The past few weeks have been rough, sleep was not an option for me. And when I did I had this horrible recurring nightmare, and it would not  go away. 
My mom of course made me go talk to someone about "my problems". She said it would be good for me, and that I needed to get out. 
Honestly all I wanted to do is sleep all day and just disappear. 
"Ashley!" My mom called out from the hallway. "Honey you really need to get up." She paused before opening my bedroom door. 
I groaned and curled back up into the blankets, shielding my eyes from the blinding light. 
"Honey, it's 2 in the afternoon." She bent down and rubbed my back, I immediately jumped at her touch and shrunk away from her. "I know you're not feeling well but you should try and get out, I promise it'll help." 
Oh yeah sureeeee it'll help. I'll just go back outside while that psychopath is still running around. 
"Your mother is right Ashley, you should really get out." A gruff voice followed after my moms. 
I groaned again and slammed the pillow over my head, ignoring both of them. 
"Andrew is right." She sighed, "Seriously Ashley Get up, were all going out for coffee to spend some quality time with family, and I expect you to be ready in 15." And with that her and Andrew walked out of my bedroom, closing the door behind them. 
Yeah I know what you're thinking, my mom is now dating the detective that helped bring me back. And honestly I'm totally cool with it, he's a nice guy and I'm happy for my mom. She finally moved on from dad and is picking her life back up. 
After 5 minutes of contemplating whether or not I should get up, I decide not to argue with my mom and just get up and deal with going out for a little. 
"Ashley!" My mom called from downstairs.  
"What?!" I screamed back, sighing at the same time. 
"Hurry up! Someone is here for you!" 
I stopped in my tracks and smiled. 
Josh. 
I bolted out of my room not even caring that I was still in my shirts and t-shirt, I ran down the stairs as fast as my legs could carry me. Almost tripping and falling. 
My heart skipped a beat when I saw him standing in the doorway. 
He was the reason I was so happy, along with Taylor. He's always been there for me and we've gotten closer these past few weeks, he's been there for me when I needed a shoulder to cry on and someone to talk to. 
I couldn't ask for a better boyfriend. 
I sprinted past my mom and Andrew, earning a few chuckles from them. 
"Josh!" I screeched and jumped into his arms, he immediately caught me and returned the hug, squeezing me tightly.
"Hey babe." He chuckled, putting me down and giving me a bright smile. 
I blushed and looked down awkwardly, fidgeting my feet. 
"So are we going to get coffee now?" I questioned, looking back at my mom. 
She smiled, "Well if you actually go get dressed..." she trailed off. 
I jumped up and ran upstairs without saying a word, man he can really change my mood around. I panted and got changed quickly, throwing on the first thing I saw. 
I ran downstairs 5 minutes later and ran out the door, jumping in my moms new car and driving off to get some coffee. 
Jake Haul
"I need to get her back!" I screamed and slammed my fist onto the table, knocking over glasses in the process. 
Chris jumped in the process and flinched at my sudden outburst of anger. 
I've known Chris for some years now and he's the only guy I can trust, mostly because he's sick and twisted just like me. 
"I know I know," he held his hands up. "But you need to wait, you can't just go and take her again. At least not while the cops are still hot on your trail." He leaned back in the old chair. 
I sighed and gritted my teeth, furious that I could have my baby now. 
"I don't care." I said through gritted teeth. "I need her now!" I stood up in a rush, flipping over the table and sending glasses flying to the floor. 
"She keeps me sane!" I screamed, a sudden anger coursing through my veins. "Now tell me, do I look sane?!" I spat with anger. 
He tensed at my words but remained calm, keeping his composure. 
"Listen man I understand how much you lik-" He stopped suddenly when he saw me glaring at him. 
"Okay okay love, whatever." I scowled at him. 
"But you need to wait, are you really going to risk getting caught and thrown away in the slammer forever? Then you'll never see her for sure ever." He replied calmly, studying his hands. "If you really want the girl you need to wait." 
I growled in anger and stormed off, slamming my fists repeatedly into the wall; screaming in frustration at the same time. 
I pulled back and leaned my forehead down on the wall, breathing heavily. 
"Fine." I turned back around to see him bent back in the chair looking at the ceiling. 
Freak. 
Woo! First chapter of my second book! I'm so happy! I hope you guys all enjoyed and sorry it's a little short, I just really wanted to give you guys a chapter tonight! Tell me what y'all think! ❤️❤️
 NECESSARY AUTHOR'S NOTE: All of a sudden, a load of people seem to be thinking that this story is an incest relationship between Alex and her cousin. IT'S NOT. The relationship is between her and her cousin's best friend i.e the lodger. Please don't send me abusive messages or nasty comments as this story IS NOT INCEST. If you do think that, you clearly haven't read the chapter properly as there isn't any suggestion of such thing. Thanks.
The Roommate Rulebook.
  "This is it?" I asked, standing with one eyebrow raised in front of the small box room. My cousin smirked and nodded.
"What, not good enough for you?" he retorted. I frowned and gestured towards the bedroom with my head.
"I'd be surprised if I could fit in there, let alone my suitcase as well," I mumbled, taking in the room again. There was a single bed to the left with a cupboard wardrobe and small desk to the right. The laminated space between the bed and the desk was minimal but the room was better than living out in a youth hostel.
"I told you it was small on the phone," Dev said with a shrug. I shook my head, nudging my case inside the door with my foot before following him down the passage and into the front room.
"No, you said it was an ideal size," I answered. He slumped down onto the light brown sofa and stretched out, clearly making himself comfortable. I hesitantly picked up an old shirt from the arm of the chair and chucked it at him.
"You can't be more than five foot tall, how much room do you need?" he asked. I decided against arguing with him as he sniffed the shirt, grimaced and dropped it back onto the floor.
"You're gross," I muttered and he chuckled.
The room was somewhat tidy, the flat as a whole was cleaner than I had expected but the mess was unusual to me. Back at home, everything was spotless, Mum had a cleaner that came in weekly to make sure that every surface was polished and that every curtain was steamed. If anything, the untidy flat was relatively relaxing.
"You're gonna have to get used to it, Al, I've been living like this for two years and I'm not about to stop now."
And with that he turned on the T.V and increased the volume so that if I did have a response for that, he wouldn't have heard it. I took that as an opportunity to go and have a look around.
The kitchen was compact but complete with a microwave and coffee machine, so I had no complaints, and the bathroom was pretty nice. I frowned when I reached a fifth door, one that was sandwiched inbetween the bathroom and the airing cupboard.
"Dev!" I called but got no reply. With a grumble, I padded into the living room and pinched the sole of his foot. He made a strange squeak sound before frowning and muting the T.V.
"What?" he hissed, reaching down to rub his foot. I rolled my eyes at his action and pointed towards the hallway.
"What's with the other door?" Dev seemed to think it over for a moment before chewing the inside of his lip.
"I'm going to miss you so much Liya! Stay in touch, okay?" Jess said while gripping me into a tight embrace.
"I'm going to miss you too Jess," I replied, hugging tightly back
"Come on princess, we need to get going." Dad called and I broke the hug.
"Bye" I miserably said while waving sombrely to Jess and quickly sat in the car.
"Ready for a new start, sweetie?" Mom asked chirpily as Dad started the car.
I tossed a "Yeah" back and leaned back onto the soft leather, putting in my earphones as I listened to the calming music on my iPod.
My name is Rosaline Collins, most commonly known as Liya, and I'm 17 years old. I have no siblings but I think I prefer it that way that way. Dad's a lawyer and Mom's a fashion designer, dad got a new job offer, which is why I'm moving to the outskirts of New York. Mom wants me to wear her designs and be more into fashion like how Jess is, but like my style. I'm like a tomboy but I dress like a girl a lot.
I have 5 long hours stuck in this car but hopefully this will be a new start for me. I don't like to think of my past, it's horrific.
~~~~~"Liya, wake up, we're here" Mom said shaking me gently.
Opening my eyes, I stretched slowly like a cat and slugged out of the car. At first glance the house was of considerable size and had a lovely vast driveway leading toward the house, most of the houses nearby was a fairly similar size with different variations of the architecture.
I took a small tour of the downstairs, finding an elegant, modern kitchen and a nice big family room. Leaving the rest of the rooms to explore another day, I ran up the stairs and looked in every room until I found a room perfect for me.
It had white wall highlighting the purple walls and a king size bed, accompanied with an ensuite and a walk in closet. It had a large window with a window seat, which would be great for relaxing. I loved it!
"I've chosen my room." I shouted while running downstairs.
Bringing in boxes Dad shouted back, "That's great sweetheart, we're going to order some pizza and then we'll get everything ready tomorrow."
Going outside, I helped Dad bring the boxes inside while mom started to order our pizza. After about an hour we had finally brought all the boxes into the house, while the rest of our furniture is coming tomorrow.
After dinner, I went to my new room and called Jess.
"Yeah, it's a huge house! It looks like a quiet area," Mom quietly entered my room "Anyway, I need to go now, okay? I'll talk to you soon. Yeah, I miss you too" I hung up and mom closed the door behind her.
"Sweetie, you have school on Monday okay? Remember to be good." She lectured me.
"Yeah, Mom don't worry I will keep a low profile." I said. She gave a slight nod with a small smile and slowly walked out of the room.
I sat down on the window seat and looked at the abyss of the sky. It was so dark yet beautiful, you could see the orbs of light shining brightly in the sky, gleaming even.
After hour-like-minutes, I went to the boxes and found my midnight black night gown from Mom's collection, the ones she made. Soft and silky it most definitely the best thing she ever made.
Going to my bathroom, I leisurely got changed, creeping to bed I turned off the lights. With my last thoughts being 'A new start, a new me' as I succumbed to unconsciousness..............................................................Hey guys Hope you like this chapter Sorry for any mistakes
Thats liya on side. The trailer on the side has been made by the amazing ashleybaldridge thank you so much. I love it.
Comment•vote•followByee
[P.s, THIS BOOK IS NOT A COPY OF THE BADBOY AND THE TOMBOY! I HAVE NOT READ THAT BOOK, BUT IT MUST BE GOOD. I HAVE LOOKED AT THE DESCRIPTION AND IT DOES NOT MATCH THIS BOOKS DESCRIPTION. THIS BOOK IS NOT A COPY. IF YOU THINK IT IS THEN GOODBYE. PLEASE LEAVE AND DON'T READ THIS STORY. BECAUSE I HAVE HAD TO DEAL WITH HATE SO MUCH AND IT'S FUCKING ANNOYING. AS I SAID BEFORE. THIS IS NOT A COPY OF THE BADBOY AND THE TOMBOY. THIS IS ALL MY IMAGINATION!]
The book has been edited till chapter 8 by AJtheBookworm101 Other than that, the book is still not edited. I will be editing the books later in 2017.I'm busy with learning my theory test and summer holidays.
Take the Risk is currently being updated! Chapters are going to be updated all of this month. I'll post the updates on here whenever I do.
 Follow me for updates!
1) Chapters 1-7 were updated on 12/5
2) Chapters 8-10 were updated on 12/9
3) Chapters 11-14 were updated on 12/15
If you enjoy a chapter, please vote! It only takes a second and it means a lot to me. If you're feeling a certain way about a character or scene happening in the book, leave a comment! I love reading what you guys have to say and it helps me grow as a writer when I receive helpful criticism.
Any negative comments towards me or another user will not be tolerated.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright © 2012 by TheRecklessBam
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,  distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including  photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods,  without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the  case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other  noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests,  write to the publisher, addressed "Attention: Permissions Coordinator,"  at the address below.
@TheRecklessBam on Wattpad
"Dakota Fey Hart! You open the door this instant!" My mother called. I groaned and rolled over; I loved my mother with all my heart but I was too angry to face her. All the love in the world couldn't defend what she was doing to me.	
Honestly, I was more upset than angry. I knew she meant well, but sending me to another state to live with people I didn't know wasn't exactly what I had in mind. I'd had bad dreams over the last few days, wondering what the family would be like. I imagined joining a family with an only child who was a spoiled brat with a sixty inch television set and nonexistent list of chores. Somehow, when I moved in a list of chores would magically appear with my name on it.
Some nights I dreamed that their brat of a child would play endless pranks on me and leave me with a bald head or no eyebrows. That was a horror story in itself.
Age seemed to mean nothing to my mother; I was much too old to be babysat, yet she insisted that I could not live on my own.
"You're digging yourself into a deeper hole." She warned, still on the other side of the door. Honestly, I'd forgotten she was there. 
I scoffed and stared up at the ceiling, still wondering whether I should let her in. Three months from today, I would be eighteen. Her threats no longer affected  me; my birthday seemed so that close I could touch it.
It wasn't that I was the rebellious type; I was pretty compliant, but the current circumstances weren't helping anything.
"Dakota!" The sound barreled through the wood and filled the small room, actually making me jump. I'd once again fell victim to my own thoughts. 
"I'm coming!" I exclaimed with resignation. I dropped down from my bed and padded to the door, taking my time before throwing it open and frowning at my mother.
Technically, it was our bedroom because my mother and I had to share it. We couldn't afford a two bedroom apartment. Not with the horrible job she had, and the bit of change I made every two weeks.
We were lucky enough to have a queen sized bed that fit the both of us. On the right side of my phone was a small closet that fit my mother's limited clothing. My belongings were inside of the nightstand next to our bed.
That was pretty much it. There was a desk in the corner that came with the room but that was all there was to our life. Some days I came home from work to find my mother just sitting on the bed staring at nothing. It was those nights that I wished that I could do better for her. I knew she was trying to take care of the both of us, but things were only getting worse. 
Outside of our small room was a kitchen which was basically the same size of the room; it had a stove, refrigerator, two tall cabinets and a microwave that we got for free from a friend.
The fridge was mostly empty, save a few TV dinners, some leftovers from my job and a gallon of water and milk. My boss at the local supermarket was aware of our condition and gave me an extra employee discount and allowed me to take any leftovers home, like the donuts that stayed out or any fruit in jeopardy of going bad. We were never really satisfied with what we had, but we weren't completely helpless and that was a blessing in itself.
"I'm not going." I said at the door before my mother could speak.
"Not an option." She responded sternly. My mother was really pretty, she was also young, so it was kind of like living with a sister. She had long dark brown hair and high cheekbones. When she was smiling, she looked so beautiful and carefree.
She hardly smiled anymore with our current conditions. We hadn't really enjoyed ourselves since my father. 
Though it was years and years ago, my mother still loved him. For someone who broke her heart, she seemed to have more affection for him than myself.
Chapter 1
New faces, new spaces, and new places. Three simple rhymes, but I couldn't bring myself to feel comfortable with any of them.
The last time I remember leaving my state was when I was about eight years old. Without my knowledge, my mom and dad had booked a week at Disneyland so that I could experience the whimsical land of princesses and animation, and I had enjoyed it.
However, as I grew older and my shyness started to become more evident, I didn't like to visit places where I didn't fit in, whether the destination was ten minutes down the road or four hours out of state, I always found a reason to not attend.
I was also an only child. As a young girl, I wished so many times for my parents to bring home a younger brother or sister for me to play with, however, once I reached the age of about five, that dream had started to fade. On top of the loneliness I felt at home, I also didn't have many friends growing up, and by the age of thirteen - when it became clear to all the students in my class that I didn't like to socialize - I was slowly cast as the school freak.
As the freak, I got bullied and teased regularly, but I knew that I had a hard exterior and I knew that if I didn't let their teasing and name-calling get to me I could make it through, and that's exactly what I did. That was up until a couple of months ago, when my life changed forever.
Three months ago, on a typical Friday night in town, my father had gone out with his friends. The only problem was that he didn't return home.
Now, since I didn't have any friends outside of my family, my father was incredibly close to me and when I heard my mother cry out in agony that night the police delivered the news of his death to us, I broke down myself.
The only thought that had been travelling through my head at the time was that I would never be able to see my dad again. No more gourmet meals, no more family movie nights, and worst of all, no more goodnight kisses from the most important man I had ever known.
The funeral was something I will never forget. The images of my father's body in the casket as it was lowered six feet into the ground will be imprinted in my mind for the rest of my life. The entire ceremony was filled with a constant line of tears streaming down my face and long lost relatives coming up to me as they spoke their condolences.
After the funeral I had stopped going to school for a couple weeks as I just didn't have the energy within me to fight off the teasing comments that would've surely been thrown my way. However, after two and a half weeks of mourning and being cooped up in my all-too-familiar room, I decided to take my mom's advice and return to school to finish up the last month with my head held high.
Returning to school was probably one of the stupidest things I could've ever done at the time. Since I didn't have any friends to help me through my hard times, and none of the students actually knew about my dad's passing, they still threw comments my way and treated me as though nothing had happened. It felt horrible because I was now not only dealing the death of my father, but now the comments of my idiot classmates. The only people at school who were sympathetic towards me were the teachers, who helped me catch up on my work and went a little easier on my course load before I sat my exams, earning me the rambunctious title of "teacher's pet".
Once the seasons changed and summer was upon the horizon, school let out and my life turned slightly brighter knowing that I wouldn't have to endure the teasing and torture at school for another two months.
Everything was getting better it seemed. My mom and I were slowly starting to revert back to the lives we had before dad died, and some days I even found myself smiling at the thought of walking down to the library to read.
I am officially participating in Wattpad Futures, a new program that helps writers make money through in-story ads. So, if you start seeing ads in between the chapters of my stories, know that the majority of the revenue they generate allows me to continue doing what I love — write stories to inspire and entertain the Wattpad community.
If you want to learn more about the Wattpad Futures program, you can check out the blog post here: https://blog.wattpad.com/2016/08/17/writers-can-earn-cash-with-in-story-ads-on-wattpad/
Thank you for supporting me!
A quick note: This is a very ROUGH DRAFT which means that a lot of chapters are unedited, and there are a lot of scenes which have not been changed on Wattpad. Please do keep this in mind, when reading.
"To geeks like me. You're going to be okay. Unless you kill someone. Then definitely call a lawyer. PS: I study Law."
Warning: This story is directed towards older readers, so please be aware of mature themes and content.
Introduction:
Have you ever had the feeling where you wish that the ground would break in half and swallow you whole? Well that was what I was feeling right now. It's not a big deal to some people, I mean it shouldn't be but it was. My cheeks were on fire and the only thing that I could was splutter in the face of the hottest guy of Redwood High.
And I mean literally splutter. I sounded like I had just got out a drowning episode, which is weird because the only place that I could drown in here was the basins, or even worse...the toilets. I shuddered and stared up at the gorgeous Greek God, Sean, holding in my hand, my phone. God! Say something Viv!
"I'm here for the school paper," I blurted.
"The school paper?" the Greek God asked, "I haven't seen you on the team before?"
Oh great, when you finally say something, you say the wrong thing! How dumb can you be Viv? Saying that you're in the boys toilets because of the school paper!? You have passed the stage of low; you're practically going to die from humiliation. No doubt that hot boy here's going to go tell all his friends and then you're really be in the school paper for perving on guys' little friends.
"I'm new!" I answered.
Wow, real smooth Viv. He's not going to know that you're a senior and have been in his English class since you can remember.
"I was just taking pictures," I continued, pointing with my phone, "because boys are always complaining about the toilets being smelly and so if it got in the school paper then well maybe Mr. Bright might change it or something."
"So you're in the boys toilets, taking pictures on our phone for the school newspaper even though you've never been to a single meeting?" Sean asked me with a smirk.
"I-I..." I trailed off, "no."
"I figured. I spotted you running from Mrs. Jones class into here," Sean replied with an amused grin, "I never knew you got girls this desperate."
My jaw dropped. Desperate? Did he think that I was in here because I was some horny teenager waiting to snap a picture of the first penis I laid eyes on? That...that...jerk! I tucked my phone into my pocket, and then pushed my glasses up my nose. God, mum really should get me contacts soon.
"I am not desperate!" I retorted.
"Then why are you here in the guys' toilets?" he questioned.
I crossed my arms, "None of your business, now if you excuse me, I have a class to go to."
Before I could leave, Sean stopped me. "I hear you're looking for Matt?"
My body froze, "What do you know about Matt?"
Sean gave me a smirk, "Only that you made a deal with him and he didn't keep his end of the bargain."
I tried to play it cool but I mean, we all knew that I wasn't good with being cool at all. My voice came out high, "What do you mean?"
"I could help you get him back you know," Sean answered with a smile.
Raising an eyebrow I replied, "How?"
Sean shrugged, "Matt screwed you bad and we all know that your popularity wasn't that good to begin with."
"Hey!" I shouted.
Sean cut me off, "Here's the deal Lanter, I'll get you to be the most popular girl in our school if-"
"There's always and if or a but," I muttered.
Ignoring my comment, Sean continued, "If you help get my Math's grade up."
"That's it?" I asked in disbelief, "Where's the catch?"
"There's no catch Lanter," Sean replied slyly, "so we've got a deal?"
I frowned at his tone but found myself nodding. A deal. I stared as he turned and made his way out of the boys' toilets and back into class. What just happened? Did I really make a deal to get back at Matt with help from the notorious hottie and jerk Sean Gregory? What was wrong with me!?
A/N Hey y'all! A new story and this time it doesn't involve any fantasy or magic, just a regular teen fiction. Hopefully you'll like it enough to comment or vote, because it would put a sappy smile onto my lips! Thanks again for reading, I love you all! Song to the side was sort of inspiration while I wrote it!
xoxo
Mona-Mae
“I hate you!” I yelled holding in a laugh as Maver ran ahead of me, my backpack slung over his shoulder.
“Hate me all you want, you still can’t catch me!” he teased looking over his shoulder at me. The big grin on his face showed his perfect straight white teeth.
I groaned and trudged to his car not bothering to run. Rain drizzled from the sky and dampened my red hair. “You sure are in a good mood.” I sighed as I climbed into his beat up 1965 Chevy Chevelle. He kept saying he was going to fix it up, but he never did. Maver had had that car since we were 14, he bought it from a friend’s dad, and he had done nothing past getting it to run.
“Finally out of my parent’s house, of course I am fucking happy.” He grinned as he pulled out of the school parking lot and turned on his phone.
“Lucky.”
“It’s okay kiddo. One day you’ll be 18 and can move out too.” He teased.
“Okay you are barely six months older than me. I'll be 18 soon enough. And yeah when I move out it won’t be to move in with my brother.”
Maver just shrugged and turned onto the highway causing my hair to fly around in the gush of air. “Thanks for helping me move.”
“No problemo. Just promise me one thing; next time tell be beforehand that you have a brother I’ve never met.”
“I never thought you’d end up meeting him and I haven’t seen him in over two years so it didn’t seem like a big deal." he shrugged.
I rolled my eyes and pinned my hair up so it would stop whipping against my face. “I’m supposed to be your best friend.” I pulled open the glovebox with a hard tug and fished a mountain dew can out from it. “I should know these things.”
Maver grabbed the soda from my hand and downed it before I could have so much as a sip. “Yeah yeah.” 
[[ Hola! ~ Sorry this one is sooooo short! I originally made this for a different site that had a word limit. ANYWHO! The chapters get longer as the story goes on. Thanks for reading <3 ~ Jade ]]
Hey guys, I really hope you enjoy this. It CAN be read as a stand alone, although there will be a few references back to Dear Mr. Pessimist for those that read it. 
Thanks for stopping by and reading this!


Copyright




Love you guys <3
~ChasingMadness24
I have a theory.
Shut up, I know that's a crappy way to start a story. It's something potheads say. I know, I know. "Hey, dude. Dude, I have a theory. I have a theory about why they don't sell buns and hot dogs in the same quantity. It's about the government."
But listen. My theory is nice. And I'm not high. It's a theory about people, and why we love the end of the world. Are you ready?
There was this article I read on the internet, back when there was an internet. Some big name from the UCLA Psychology School was talking about zombies, and why people suddenly seemed to love them at the start of the century, for no reason at all. And this guy, this big shot scientist person, he said it was because of our fear of becoming 'zombified' by mass consumption and by the media. In our post-modern world, we feared undead post-apocalypticism because zombies are shallow like we were becoming. They're all the same when you're watching Brad Pitt blow their brains onscreen. De-humanized. And that's how our greed-geared, capitalist, mediacentric society saw us, and that's what we were afraid we were becoming. Zombies.
Well, I'm a zombie, and I can tell you that's a load of crap.
It's not about that! People aren't smart enough to make those connections, are you crazy? Even in a subconscious level, that's giving us waaay too much credit.
My theory is this -- the real reason zombies became cool was because life was too boring. Getting up, getting to class, listening to Mr. Thompson all day long, going home to your bored mom and dad, going to bed. Then doing the same thing in college. Then having kids. Then your kids doing the same thing you did when you were their age. Then your kids going to college.
And then, before you know it, you were all dead, and God forbid you have to watch all that crap flashing in front of your eyes all over again at the end.
The world was a nine-to-five, white-shirt-black-tie spiral of 'Kill me now!' and Power Point presentations. I mean, for God's sake, Ted Talks were popular. People watched Ted Talks, that's how boring it got.
So of course we dreamed of the wasteland. We dreamed of the vine-wrapped half-buildings and the abandoned superhighways dotted in car skeletons and rumble. We dreamed of a world with no midterms and no SATs. A world where no one cared who was at the party last night, or who had the biggest boobs, or the coolest car. A world that was fresh start.
And the zombies – the zombies were the icing on the cake. The zombies were there to tickle that genetic coding inside of us – that little voice trailing back millions of years into our past, whispering 'Hunt.' 'Run.' 'Hide.'
'Kill.'
That voice we muffled, but could never completely silence. It's still there – it's why virtually every video game ever made involves killing. It's why sports ever became a thing. It's why we bought branded shirts and redecorated our kitchens so that it looked better than our neighbor's kitchen. Competition. Food chain. Survival.
That voice reminding us that we're animals, and we need to kill to stay alive. And what's better to kill than zombies? Zombies aren't people, right? They aren't even animals, they're just... there. Blobs of blood and flesh, ready to let us release our inner beasts onto their skulls through baseball bats and machine guns.
That's why we dreamed of zombies.
And then they really happened, and we all became them, and everything went to shit.


You could be my bad boy
by Alizaa_J
Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved.
The moral right of the author has been asserted. All rights reserved. This story is published subject to the condition that is shall not be reproduced or re transmitted in whole or in part, in any manner, without the written consent of the copyright holder, and any infringement of this is a violation of copyright law.
"Think about it Emlyn. You are a bad girl, I am a bad boy." Andre pointed his hand towards me, then at himself. "Together we can rule the world." He smirked.
I stared at him seductively, grabbed his leather jacket's collar and leaned closer to him. Smiling in victory when his breathing quicken, and whispered to his ear, "Are you asking me to join Illuminati?" I pulled away, laughing at his defeated expression.
"Aw come on! How can you say no to this. Every girl wants me, even boys." Conceited bastard.
I scoffed. "How can someone have such a big head? I hope you step on a lego." I said- leaving him stunned at the hall.
It has been eight years, Emlyn did not forgive Andre for leaving her when she needed him the most.Andre sees how vulnerable she actually is under her 'bad girl' exterior.They start building a hate relationship when Emlyn hits his nerves to push him away from breaking her walls.They say, there is a thin line between love and hate.
***
I was new to writing when I started this story. My writing improved with the next few chapters. So it will get better.
Any kind of criticism won't be accepted, I don't take it so well.
I hope you enjoy reading this story. :)
Xoxo, gossip girl... not.
"Andonero Family" kahit sino imposibleng hindi kilala ang pamilang yan. Madinig mo pa lang yuyuko ka na. Sila lang naman ang nangunguna ngayon na pinaka success at pinakamayaman sa bansa. Sila ang may hawak sa iba't ibang naglalakihang kumpanya tulad ng sikat na Amazin Intel Corp. At MacroMantel. 
Ang hindi alam ng marami ay may tradisyon ang pamilyang ito. Ang tinatawag na AUDE TOREU o ang pakikipag kasundo ng kasal sa magiging tagapag mana mula sa isang malapit na pamilya .Nagsimula ito noong panahon ng Homo sapiens at ang pamilya nila ay dala hanggang ngayon ang nakagisnang tradisyon,naniniwala sila na dito nanggagaling ang swerte. Ang nagpa simula nito ay si Apiroh ang kauna unahang tao mula sa kanilang angkan. Ang proseso nito ay ang pagpapakasal sa dalawang sanggol na ipinagkasundo ng kanilang pamilya,hanggang sa sila ay tumanda ay nakapaloob na sila sa kasal na iyon.Maaring magpakasal sila sa simbahan kung ganap na silang nasa edad na 18.At magiging lihim muna ito sa dalawang sanggol hanggang sila ay makarating sa edad na 15 ang tinatawag nila na Audiro, o muling pagpapakasal sa ikalawang bahagi ng AUDE TOREU at ang babae ay kailangan ng lumipat sa bahay ng lalaki.
At ang nagiisang tagapag mana ng ANDONERO ay si Bryan Stephen Michael Andonero,isa sa pinakasikat na bachelor ngayon sa bansa na halos pangarapin ng lahat.
Paano kung malaman mong ikaw ang babaeng matagal ng kasal kay Bryan? 
What will you do?
》Buksan ang bawat pahina para malaman mo ang sagot ko :)
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
CHAPTER ONE: CR INCIDENT
Ako si Elise Locoza,isang third year high school dito lang naman sa Sempa High! Ang pinapangarap ng lahat na maging paaralan. Paano ba naman hindi lang basta to Private School,dito lang naman nag aaral ang mga sikat na teen artist ngayon tulad ni Kim Solas ang isa sa member na sikat na grupong MAIDAM. Pati na din si Andrew Collin ang gumaganap na batang andrew sa tv series na "Contracted".At syempre ang mga anak ng mga big time na negosyante tulad ni Howwie Sy,Aj Gomez at Rolmher Tan. Pero ang pinaka the best at tinitingala ng lahat si Bryan Andonero.Oops sino ba ang hindi nakaka kilala sa kaniya?hindi siya modelo at lalong hindi siya artista pero siya lang naman ang ang nagiisang anak ng may ari ng Sempa at Image ng CoUrrier Incorp.ang may hawak sa lahat ng Company ng bansa.Kaya nga ang tawag sa kaniya "The chosen one" at "Prince Bryan". Napaka gwapo niya actually mas gwapo pa siya sa mga sikat na artista ngayon. Kaya nga hindi ko din mapigilan na hindi magka crush sa kaniya.
Lalo pa ngayon na Classmate ko siya at abot kamay ko lang...
Hoy Elise!Sabay tapik sa balikat ko ni Mirriam.
Nagising ako don ah. Nakataas ang kilay nito na halos maupod na sa nipis. 
Bakit ?nagtataka kong tanong.
Kinuha niya ang bag ko at inihagis sa harapan. Tinginan ang lahat samin pati na din si Bryan na natigil sa usapan nila ng mga barkada niya sa likod.Akala ko pa naman nagbago na siya jusme uumpisahan ba niya ang school year ng ganito?
Lumayas ka dyan at upuan ko yan!itinuro ni Miriam ang isang upuan na monoblock sa gilid ng pinto. Doon ka!
Tawanan ang lahat. Imagine mula sa couch na napakalambot doon niya ko pauupuin? Daig ko pa ang naka isolate. Couch kasi ang upuan sa bawat dalawang estudyante kaya ang isang room dito halos kalahati na ng library exagge man pakinggan pero totoo yun.
Ba..bakit naman doon ako uupo?tumayo ako para pulutin ang immitation kong bag na pradah may h kasi nga local.
Nagtatanong ka pa?lumapit ito at hinablot muli ang bag sa kamay ko. Dahil hindi ka naman nagbabayad dito. Yung mga tax ng magulang namin yun pa ang nagbabayad sayo sa pagaaral mo kaya doon ka sa labas!
Prologue: An Angel 
A gentle hush cloaked the land. The faint bells of Christmas could be heard in the distance.
Warm lights from every house lit up the small town, as the pale moon hung alone in the sky. A small boy, around the age of five stared out of his frost-laced window into the cold night. That was when the first flakes of snow began to fall.
Ever so gently.
“Chip! Dinner’s ready!”
The boy hurried down the stairs to meet his family of nine, who were setting up the table for their Christmas dinner at the pantry of their family bakery.
They said their prayers, and then dined in comfortable silence. They were content.
The family began to make small conversations among themselves, none of them including the boy, and so he looked into the distance, behind the counter, his gaze passing the translucent glass doors of the bakery.
Although business was closed for the night, a stack of left over bread sat neatly in the oven, warm and heated.
The orange lights of his home gave the boy a warm and fuzzy feeling in his heart. He didn’t know the word for it at that time, but he was sure it was something good.
That was when something caught his eye.
A movement just beside the doors of the entrance.
It was a boy, not more than seven years old, wrapped in a checkered scarf and clothes that definitely could not keep him warm in such freezing weather.
The boy in the bakery thought about how it would feel to be wandering on the streets on a cold Christmas night. He thought it felt horrible.
So he slipped from his chair silently, made his way to the oven, and placed two hot-crossed buns into a paper bag. Then he opened the door of the bakery, the bells above jingling, and hurried after the boy.
The boy in the black scarf was holding a girl’s hand. She looked only two, clad in the thinnest of cloth.
He tapped the boy on the shoulder, and handed him the bag with hot buns.
“Happy Christmas!” The bakery boy beamed.
The other boy looked stunned, unable to catch his words, his mouth hung agape, as he clutched the bag of warm bread.
“Chip! What are you doing? Come back here!” A motherly voice called out, beckoning the boy to return.
Waving goodbye and still smiling, the boy retreated into the warmth of the bakery, cheeks slightly flushed from the cold.
As the flakes of white snow fell and collected on his clothes, the boy in the cold found himself thinking about the angel he saw.
 
Maybe. Just maybe. Angels do exist afterall.  
~*~*~*~*
A/N Hi everyone! This is my first boyxboy, I hope you like it! :) 
 
Summary:
My name is Sophie Allen.
And I am hopelessly and irrevocably in love with Bryce Harrison.
And this is our story.
This story is part of a series. This is the first book in the series, the order as follows:
1) The Golden Couple
2) Clayton's Quirks
Must Date The PLAYBOY!

“I know I’m not the type of girl that you usually go out with. I’m not sexy, I’m not attractive and I’m no fun. I’m plain and boring with no charm at all. The only thing good about me is probably my brain, which everyone finds boring. But I must ask you this…”
I took a deep breath and gathered all the courage I had to say the words that I never thought would ever come out of my mouth. I just hope I’m doing the right thing and this will be the best solution for everything.
“Mr. Zachary Anderson, can I be your girlfriend?”
Hi guys!! This is the start of my new story, and I am so pumped. I have so many ideas ready for this book. Go ahead and check out my other book, that is completed, called It All Started With A Tampon. 
Thanks xxx
<><><><>
"Come on babe." Evan insists. "Please? For me?" I look around, considering my options. The party has started to die down, and the small lake further into the woods is pretty concealed. 
"Fine." I sigh, grinning.  
"Really?" He smirks. "You'll skinny dip with me?" I pause.  
"Sure." 
"Great." He says. "I love you Harper." 
<><><><> 
Harper is your typical good girl. Shy, quiet, and reserved. So everybody is surprised when she manages to land a guy like Evan. Prom King, quarterback, ladies man.  
Evan introduces her to a new world, a world of popularity. And Harper tries to be the best girlfriend she can be. But one night, it all falls apart, and Harper is left in a mortifying situation. 
Naked. 
Luckily the River boys are around to save the day. After a few pictures of course.

Well, would you look at that! You've finally found your new favorite book! Here it is *points at book you are reading right now* 
Before we start I want to warn you that this book probably has a few errors because I don't have the time to fully edit my book with no mistakes and this is my first attempted book on Wattpad, I'm not extremely happy with it so go easy on me, it gets better. 
The chapters in this book are not the same as the others, they are short and there are a lot of them. If you don't like that type of style then try one of my other books ;)
Enjoy my minions xxx
-
Description
Cast
AUSTIN DIESEL 
-


                                          THIS IS NOT AN ENGLISH STORY.

PROLOGUE : 

Park-Hyun Academy (Est. 1981), it is considered as the most prestige elite school in the country. The academy is only exclusively for the known, the rich and the popular—they can also be called as the elites, the royal ones.

Like any other elite schools, Park-Hyun also has a group of so-called-princes/heartthrobs. By which is popularly known as the Mythical 5, consisting of 5 powerful young boys namely; Jacob Ramirez, Shaun Arkin Lopez, Macoy Lee, and the sons of the owners of the academy; Daren Jhano Hyun and Nathan Lemuel Park.

As I step on the grounds of the Academy, I couldn't imagine it would end up like a nightmare. I never imagine studying in an elite school would be hard, given the fact that I'm not one of them. I'd always feel unwelcome because I was a commoner.

I was always compared to everyone inside the Academy, because they knew I can't compete. It was also an advantage for me, when the day they start not to care—I felt relieved. It was an honor to be invisible in their eyes.

Let's rephrase that, I just feel invisible. I feel painfully visible and entirely ignored by everyone. I was the girl they never noticed.

But I, being the invisible-commoner didn't have the chance to escape the monster's trap. My peaceful life at the academy ended up so fast, that everything just turned upside down. It was my last year in Park-Hyun Academy when something happened—it was an announcement made by the monster.

In front of everybody, he was standing, wearing his famous cold stares and emotionless eyes, he said, "I want everyone to know, that starting today..." He smirks. "I'm officially dating the campus nerd."

The announcement was like a bomb. It made everyone speechless, mad and it was just the talk of the town. For them it was the worse, who would actually date a nerd? And for the record, the most powerful and popular campus heartthrob was the one to say it. What kind of game is this he's playing?

For me, it was just another announcement that I wouldn't even bother to listen. But of course, it's not. Because everyone sees it as a nightmare and a complete crap and I see it as a trap, because what's even worst?


I am the Campus Nerd.

--
AUTHOR'S NOTE :
Please be aware that this is the revise version of the HDTCN Prologue.
Started Revising: November 25,2014 // 10:55PM




                  
Bailey
"Sorry," a rushed male voice said as he rolled his small carry-on over my toes. He didn't even stop long enough to make sure I wasn't going to go into shock—ok, that might be a bit dramatic, but really, could he not stop his loud conversation on his cell phone long enough to sound genuine? I moved my feet up close to my body and scowled at his retreating back as I sat on the dark blue utility carpet of the large airport. The flight I'd just gotten off of was full and many of its passengers were taking up the uncomfortable plastic seats. Bad weather across the country was causing flight delays and overcrowding.
            "Jackass," a deep voice said from across the aisle. He wore the shiniest black shoes I'd ever seen. Dark socks peeked out from below his dark green trousers and I followed the sharp crease up to the starched shirt tucked into them. His brass belt buckle caught my eye, and I wondered why someone might be so dressed up at an airport in the middle of nowhere. As I let my eyes lift further, I saw that he was in uniform of some sort. Small pins decorated the space above his pocket on his chest. Finally, my eyes made it up to his face, and my heart fluttered quickly beneath my ribs.
            We were clearly about the same age, but his thin face and strong, clean-shaven jaw made him look more experienced in life than I imagined I looked. I was suddenly aware that I was wearing my old black yoga pants and a baggy sweatshirt over a washed out concert tee. Don't judge, I still had a three-hour flight ahead of me and comfort always wins out over style on these trips to my father's house. My long messy brown hair was tied in a knot at the top of my head and my face was clear of any make-up. I pushed my reading glasses up a bit further on my face as the stranger smiled down on me. 
            "Are your toes ok?" he asked, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees. He held a hard-framed cap in the same dark olive color as his trousers in his hand. I nodded as I curled my toes inside my warm boots. 
            "Still attached."
            His lips curled just slightly as his eyes moved down to my feet and then slowly rose again, making my cheeks feel hot under his gaze. There went my heart again, fluttering and flopping around as if suddenly shocked to life. My lips curled too. He was cute, far cuter than any of the guys at my school back home. His eyes were a light blue and seemed to stand out against his tan skin. It might have also helped that his hair was shaved really short, leaving nothing to really draw my attention other than those soulful eyes that were staring back at me. Right. I was staring. 
            "You wouldn't happen to have a charger for that phone, would you?" He pointed to the phone in my hand. 
            "I do." I reached inside my large backpack that I was using as my carry-on. The cord was messily wrapped around itself. I held it out to him. "I think there's a plug right behind me."
            "Thanks. I packed mine in my sea bag. I wasn't planning on this being such a long trip." He reached for the cord and when his fingers brushed against my own, I had to fight the urge to let my finger tips pause against his skin long enough to memorize the way he felt beneath them. I almost giggled, this strange sensation of happiness and curiosity were dancing in my chest. I was like an obsessed fan at the feet of their idolized rock star. 
            "No problem," I managed to say. I moved over a little so he could get to the plug. He moved from his seat on the chair and sat down on the floor beside me. It seemed so out of place to see this handsome boy, all dressed up in his uniform, sitting cross-legged beside me. I'd never been more curious about a stranger before. He plugged in his phone and set it on the ground in front of us. 
            The intercom boomed with announcements above us, and the room seemed to grow quiet as the voice informed us that flights were grounded in Florida due to the hurricane we'd learned about on our flight in. When the voice stopped and music started up again, the boy beside me shook his head and took off the dark olive jacket that completed the uniform. I couldn't help myself. I watched the fabric slip down his arms from his broad shoulders. His dress shirt beneath was just as sharp, a crease boldly ironed down the center of his sleeve. 
            "I guess we're going to be here a while." He seemed a little anxious, but still smiled at me as he folded the jacket and laid it across his lap. He moved his legs out in front of him and leaned his head back against the wall. "What's your name?"
            "Bailey." I mimicked his position.
            "Lucas," he said, extending his hand for me to shake. It seemed so formal, but I was dying to touch him again so I didn't hesitate. "You headed to Florida?" 
            "Maybe." I wasn't crazy. I was born and raised in Los Angeles and knew that you never told anyone exactly where you were going. He might be the most attractive boy I'd ever spoken with, but that didn't mean he wasn't some sort of murderer. 
            "Smart." He turned his head back out to look at the full room, but not before I saw that adorable smile again. I felt my own cheeks pull up and I bit my bottom lip so I wouldn't be smiling like a complete idiot if he happened to look back. And he did. It was a quick look, but his cheeks turned a little pink beneath those soothing eyes and I knew that this layover wasn't going to be as boring as they usually were. 
***Please remember to vote and share :)

Chapter 1: My Apple is Green, but Their Envy is Greener
I dropped my lunch tray down onto the table and plopped down next to Lucas, my best friend. He was chatting animatedly with the group, a wide grin spread across his face, complete with two little dimples. The girls all rolled their eyes while the guys patted his back and congratulated him.
"What's up, Luke?" I asked curiously.
"I took Laurel's virginity," he gloated.
My eyes widened. "You what? When?"
Great. I was now the last virgin at Addison High School, freshmen included.
"Yup. Now I'm tied with the Top Four," he stated proudly.
The boys in our grade played a game. The object was to sleep with as many virgins as you could by the end of the year and whoever slept with the most won the title of the Virginator and respect from the rest of the class. The Top Four had been ahead since freshmen year, with Luke following close behind them. It was really immature, but the rest of our class seemed to enjoy cheering on their favorite competitor.
The Top Four were from completely different social groups, but they shared two things: the number of virgins they corrupted and the fact that they were all undeniably attractive. The Top Four consisted of Tyler Bradshaw, the bad boy; Alec Jennings, the athlete; Beckett Cartwright, the genius; and Ian Jameson, the rich guy. Lucas was classified as "the boy next door."
Sure, several girls have tried to avoid them, but they all fell under their charm. I was never really a target. I made sure to fly under their radar, and it worked. They probably all assumed that Luke took mine or something like that. And as long as they didn't come after me, I was okay with that.
Laurel had the five guys chasing her, constantly flirting with her for two weeks. Poor girl didn't even get enough sleep and came to school with giant bags under her eyes. She must've gotten tired of it and gave in to Luke. Either that or she was drunk.
There were others who craved the attention of the guys and I think you know the kind of girls I'm talking about. Yes, we had those stereotypical evil cheerleaders in their too tiny uniforms and fake blonde hair. You want to know the pathetic excuse they used to get to them? They pretended they were virgins. Please, as if the guys would fall for that.
"So that means I'm the only one left?" I whispered.
"Yup, you're the tiebreaker, Charlie! Don't you feel special? You get to choose who wins! It's all on your shoulders now. No pressure."
No, I don't feel special. I feel far from it. I don't want to be the tiebreaker or choose who the ultimate champion of this childish game was. And when someone says 'no pressure', most times, it added pressure. And right now, I was definitely feeling the pressure. Everyone was relying on me to sleep with one of them so they could have a champion. I contemplated sleeping with someone who weren't the main competitors, just to spite them. But I wasn't. I was saving myself for someone special. I didn't have to be married or anything, just in a long term relationship with someone I really loved.
Introduction
**
Let me introduce you, I'm Gwen Wilson, 16 years old and have six brothers, who are all protective of me. I don't blame them. I mean, all brothers are protective of their sisters. Me, being the only sister and only daughter of one of the richest man, comes handy. They pamper me, give my everything I want.
I have six brothers, one of them is closest to me, the eldest one-Will.
William Wilson, the heir of the Wilson's company. He is 25, not married and have no love interest, whatsoever.
All my brother are total players. 
I share each and everything with Will, that's want I like to call him. If I want anything, I ask dad. If dad says yes, I have to ask Will. If Will gives the permission, then I get what I want, if not, I don't. The best thing is, Will never says no to me. He's the strictest, and angry member of our family. 
Then comes my second brother, Ethan Wilson. He too runs the company with Will, along with my third brother Nate Wilson. Ethan is 24. He is a bit laid back compared to Will. He's the joker of the family, but I love him to death. He always comes to me to cheer me up if I'm in a bad mood.
Nate Wilson, third in row. He is 22 years. The relation between him and me is strong just like Will's. He, too works. He mostly handles work out of London. All the business meeting outside is mostly handle by him. If he has any problem going out for any apparent reason, then Will handles them. 
The forth one is in college. Blake Wilson, he decided to become a doctor and has no interest in business, what so ever. Our family doesn't have problem with career selection. We can choose to be anything we want to. We all support each others decision. Blake is the smartest of our family and also the mature one. He is 20. He has a reason why he decided to be doctor. Believe it or not, the reason might be me. 
The fifth is Max Wilson, the football player. He loves football. He's still in high school. This year he will go a step head that means a senior, last year of high school. He is 17, a year older then me. He is the second joker of our family. 'Serious' word isn't meant for him as long as it doesn't concern his football or me. He's the biggest player of our school. And by player not only in football, I mean. In girls, too, he is the biggest player. A person might have black eye if he tried to talk to him. Overprotective much? But when it comes to Max, himself, he is allowed to whatever he wants, flirt with any girl he likes. That's so unfair.
The last is my twin brother, Ryan Wilson. We are twins, but we don't look alike. I look like dad while he looks like mum. We have, what other call, twin telepathy. Yeah! We look at each other and come to know what exactly are we thinking, unless you keep a blank face. He is 16, same age. He hasn't decided what he wants to do, but I'm guessing it's law. Also not to forget that he is two minutes elder then me, I can't hear the end of it.
These are my six brothers.
Now, My Dad, Richard Wilson. He is so called softie with it comes to his family. I'm the only daughter, so he loves me too much. In business world, it's totally different. People are scared of him. He's a dangerous man. He doesn't do anything illegal. But during business, he has to be strong and cold. Wouldn't want someone to take advantage, do we? 
My mom's sweet, a fashion designer. Not any, but a famous. Her name is Stephanie Wilson. When neither of my brother or dad listens to me, I go to my mom. The whole family is scared of my mother's bad temper. 
This is my family. It seems like every rich family is perfect without any flaws, but it's not true. Each of them have problems. My family too. Because of the business, there are bond to have enemies. The worst is when they target me because I'm the only girl. Being the only girl, my family love me so much that it's easier for others to break through. 
But I don't let them. They can't threat me to want information about my family business. No! I'm strong enough to defend myself. But everything crumples when someone you trust from your heart breaks your trust. In my case, same thing happened. My childhood best friend crumpled my trust like a tissue paper. It broke me, but it made me ten times more stronger than I already was. 
I'm the head girl of Roseline High School. There is this rule, that the head girl or head boy is always from the senior year. Before me was my brother, Blake, the head boy. When he passed school, the title of the head girl or head boy is given to the next person from the senior year from the student council itself. I was also the members of students council. But when the time came after Blake, everyone from the student council wanted me to be the next head girl. 
I didn't have the problem as long as they were okay with it. So when we asked the whole school, not literally, they were more then happy. 
I'll have fun when necessary, but when it comes to breaking rules or not going according to the rules, it's difficult for me to be funny. All of them know how I work. Usually, all the high school's have queen bee ruling the school, but here it's different. They are ruled by student council or should I say; me. 
We have queen bee, jocks, outcast, but all these things doesn't bother me. I treat everyone as they should be. But when people sit on my head because of that, then I have my ways to work. 
It's true when people say past doesn't leave you. My past came back and stung me like a bitch. All the betrayal, secrets, truth, friendship changed this year, when suddenly my best friend decides to come back. 
It doesn't help when a new bad boy comes to school the same year and becomes my twin's bestfriend. Everyone knows the rule, stay away from your bestfriends sister. But it doesn't help when the bestfriend is hot and sister is hottest. Sexist I know. There are drama, jealousy and a lots and lots of truth. 
In my case, I don't know how to handle all this together, but I'm strong, so I'll handle.
Follow me in my story and see where it leads to.
**
Another story. This is just the introduction to know about her, before we start. So you understand the names of her brother.
Bestfriend and bad boy will come in the following chapters along with her friend circle. 
This is my new story. I have written one before this also, it's called the 'Cupid's Arrow'. This isn't a sequel or anything. 
This is a complete new story of Gwen Wilson.
Important note
I'll make this clear before you read any further. I don't what this book to be copied in an way possible. I'll not just sit and let you copy. Action will be taken. 
As for people you like to make comments which are not good. I'll make this clear that if you don't like this book, don't read, rather then making bad comments. All the characters are of my story, none taken from anywhere. 
Sorry if you guys feel offended. I didn't want to sound rude, but this is also important. I hope you understand. And thanks for all the reads. Until then.
Read vote comment. :)
Mia's pov Ugh, fair just started yesterday, and I couldn't even go. It sucks bloody hell. No I'm not British, I jst like that saying. Oh how rude. Well my name is Mia Drew. I'm 17 years of age. I live with my uncle and aunt cuz my family died. I'm on summer break and, I have to amazing Besties. Asia and  Molly. Molly has blonde hair, and bright baby blue eyes. She is perfect. She is skinny, tall and she has the right amount of curves. Asia, she has red hair, grey eyes. She Pericles her nose. 
But on second note, Molly and Asia are coming over, to spend the night. Cuz tomarrow night and we'll all day we will be getting ready, getting our nails done, and we will be at the fair. But we are going to get our nails all done the same. 
" Yo M yah bitches are here" I herd Molly yell. I laughed, at that. That's when they busted through my bedroom door. Molly and Asia arms linked while laughing. I got off my bed and hugged them. We haven't saw each other in person in 1 while week. And that's a record for me.
" So, I brought my fake nail set over, so we can all agree on something" Asia said. She and Molly had a bag full of make up, nail stuff, clothes, and shoes, along with a purse.
" and I brought my whole make up kit. And my curling iron" Molly added. I laughed at my friends.  But what did I have, oh I had clothes, and stuff. Your probly wondering why they even brought clothes if they were gonna wear mine. Well they brought there undergarments and their pajamas. 
1 hour later
 Well, we were all in out Pj's, and we were sitting on my bed watching a scary movie. Asia was Clinton onto the popcorn bowl for dear life while, Molly had one of my pillows stuffed in her face, blocking out everything that was scary. To be honest with you, I have never been more scared in my life!
But hey, after my friends arrived, we texted some people we were gonna meet up with, at the fair. But to our bad luck, only  no one could meet up with us. I mean, we have a lot of friends, but summer is summer.
I focused back on the tv right as a lil girl that had blood all over her popped out of the screen, screaming.
" AAaaaahhhhhhhhhh" we all screamed as we hid ourselves under my duvet. Then the movie ended. Wow. Well, now I'm definitely having nightmares. Oh and there's one more thing. There is this gang that lives in our town. I have never ran into one of their gang ppl or have Asia and Molly, but they are feared by almost the whole content. They call themselves the " black roses" I dot know what it means though. No one does. Except them.
 I grabbed my tv remote and turned the tv off so we were in complete darkness. The light was already off. We all snuggled up into my bed.
" goodnight my lovely friends" we said at the same time causing mus all to break out laughing. Once we were done laughing, we went to sleep.
--------------------------------
Sorry that it's short. I'm workin on it. I am just writing it down trying to get used to it. So tell me what you think of the Characters.


Prologue:
My name is Nirvana Courtland Watson.
I am seventeen years old.
A senior, now attending Mount Carmel High.
I was bullied back at my old school for having pale skin, old grandma glasses, un-volumized hair and for my name.
I was also abused by my father.
I was also sexually assaulted by him, as was my mother.
My twin brother attended a Navy boarding school that traveled across sea.
My brother is gorgeous, like literally. I haven't seen him for two years. He doesn't know about my father and I don't want him to find out.
Today I start my new life in this small town called Mount Forest. It is in seclusion by a forest, much larger houses were spread out surrounded by the large green escape.
The town had a high school, elementary school, a grill/bar everyone goes too, a mall, grocery store, a town hall, a mayor....everything a small closed off town would have.
This town had a population of three thousand-five hundred people...roughly.
My mother purchased a ranch we would call home. It had three bedrooms and two bathrooms. It was fairly large and accompanied with up-to-date furniture.
My brother was coming home with us and attending school with me. My mom wouldn't let him go with my father.
We had purchased due to the fact I needed somewhere to put Shadow. He is a Percheron and four years old. (AN:Same as mine!)
His coat is a midnight shiny black, his eyes were a luminous brown, like chocolate.
I was competitive when it came to horse back riding. It calmed me.
When my dad would abuse me after I would go see Shadow at the barn he was staying at and just brush him for endless hours. Now he would live downstairs from me.
But as I come to this town I noticed a hazy fog looming over it.I t is gloomy and thunder clouds stayed over it.
Also people don't look normal.
Some have Amber eyes, others are black as night, some purple, silver...blood red.
Either this town likes coloured contacts or...
they're not exactly human.

"I'm the most popular guy in school, girls would kill to be in your place right now." He smirks, knowing that what he's said is completely and utterly true.
Meet Lea Wilson, the most over organised, hard working and unpopular girl there is out there. Her family are devastated when their house collapses due to a house mite attack.
Now, meet River Parker, the egotistic, most good looking, sexy and popular guy there ever can be. He's the son a wealthy businessman and lives the high life that some can only dream of. 
What happens when River's father, Malcolm, invites the Wilson's to stay at their mansion of a house when they don't have anywhere else to live for the time being. What will happen when the worlds of Lea and River collide, it can either be a disaster, or a miracle. 
Follow Lea through her adventure of falling in love, getting her heart broken, and learning a lesson that explains there is more to life than she's ever imagined. 
*Inspired slightly by the korean drama 'Playful Kiss' :) But obviously, it's not the same - I was just inspired ;)
*The book trailer to the side is made by @starsandsky.
I hate waiting. Amy knew that. She knew that so very well. But still she wants to make me wait. Today we were going to the mall. I wanted to buy a few comfortable t-shirts. So here I am. Standing outside this coffee shop near the mall, waiting for my best friend Amy, who is about forty five minutes late. I already bought my cup of coffee half an hour back and I'm contemplating to buy another one just to get over that boredom. Irritation was getting to me. I was angry beyond words. That girl better have a good excuse for being this late and not answering my calls. 
Finally that girl is here. She came running as her house was at a distance of about ten minutes. 
"I'm so sorry for being late! Zack locked the door from outside and I had to climb down the tree outside my room. And you know how I hate climbing trees. I climbed one only for your t-shirts." Amy said in one breath.
"Let's go" I ignored her excuse knowing its all a lie.
The walk to the mall was very short. Once we reached the mall we had to walk all the way to the end of the mall. Its a little creepy there but you get the best casual clothes. The shop is a little on the secluded side. Amy and I had discovered it when we were twelve as a part of a dare. Since then I always bought most of my clothes from that shop. 
Halfway through the mall Amy spotted her favourite store. Victoria's secret was one place she was in complete love with. As much as I loved my best friend I couldn't stand her love for lingerie. Now I'm no prude. Heck I even own a couple of fancy lacy lingerie thanks to Amy's love for them but I can't be around her when she's shopping in that store. Ever since that store opened at the mall Amy makes it a point to visit that store at least once a week. Not only does she buy things for herself but she also buys "sexy lingerie that will make us look appealing" for us. Her words. 
So naturally we parted our ways and decided to meet near the Nacho Stop. That's a place which sells the best nachos ever. I waved at her and started towards my favourite store. The stores began to decrease in number. I heard footsteps mixing with my own. I slowed down . Suddenly I turned back. All I saw was an empty bottle of water lying on the floor and the tube flickering a bit. I shook my head to clear all thoughts and began walking. I was just being paranoid. All those criminal suspense shows sure did pay off. Finally I reached that store. 
I've been here so many times that the people working here no longer come to ask me if I want any particular type of clothing or anything. In fact their pretty good friends of mine so they get me the latest and best clothes that the store gets. I was going through a rack of shorts when I felt a pair of eyes on me. I turned and saw no one again. What's happening with me? 
I picked three mid knee length shorts in blue, black and grey and headed towards the t-shirts. The very reason I came here for. I was engrossed in seeing those t-shirts. This time I felt an unmistakable presence behind me. I turned slowly like they do in those horror movies. Again all I saw was the rack of neon coloured clothes which were moving. Which indicated that someone was there. 
I decided to be more cautious now that I knew that there is someone who is following me around for god knows what reason. I acted casually and picked two t-shirts with cartoons on them. I went to the shirts and began browsing through them. I acted as if I was completely engrossed in them. But in reality my mind and my body were on high alert ready to sense the slightest movement around. Just then I saw something so I quickly turned back. I noticed a black arm disappearing behind the rack of jeans. I knew it. I knew someone was following me. My instincts are never wrong. I decided to pay for the clothes in my hand, leave the place as soon as possible and get into a crowded place. So I rushed towards the cash counter. I paid for my clothes and took the bag from Jay, the guy behind the cash counter who gave me these weird flirty smiles every time I came here. He has even asked me out numerous times but I always had an excuse. This time before he could even open his mouth I was out of the store. The guy following me must have noticed that I was rushing to get away from him because he no longer decided to hide. 
He was right behind me. I could feel his presence. I was starting to get afraid because I had reached one of the most deserted places in the mall. No one ever passed by this place unless they had to go to that shop I just went into which was less to none. 
Suddenly I felt myself being yanked. My back was pressed against the wall there. I had shut my eyes tight because I didn't want to face whoever it was. 
"Open your eyes." 
I knew that voice. I could recognise that voice anywhere. That voice had haunted my dreams for the past two years. That voice belonged to Layne. The guy I got arrested two years back. And now he's back.
Being arrested on a daily basis is just a normal occurrence for Juvenile delinquent Alexa Jackson. Trouble always seemed to follow her. After her parents divorce was finalized, her family decided that they all needed a new start, especially Alexa, so they moved away permanently for a fresh start.
However, what Alexa wasn't aware of was that the new school that she was attending already had plans for her. They had assigned her a 'Mentor' to help keep her out of trouble. Her 'Mentor' was none other than the schools quarterback player, Jesse Dixon. Also known as the schools most cockiest player who had a reputation of being a man whøre.
Alexa was a delinquent while Jesse was a player. She had a big mouth while he had a big ego. Those things clashed a bit too much, that was for sure!
What happens when the Juvenile delinquent and the cocky man whøre meet? Will Alexa finally learn to behave with his help? Or will she end up so deep in trouble she won't know how to get out?
************************************************************
Hello!!!!
I'm back with another book(yay!!!)!!
Trust me when I say that this book is so so so much better than Mr Lover Boy And I !!!! And it isn't as cliché as it sounds! 
Please give it a read when I publish the first chapter!!! It is definitely one of the best books I've written and I've spent literally months writing the first few chapters and the editing and then re editing and editing again to make it perfect!! 
Vote / Comment / Recommend / Add to Reading List's/libraries!!
ThankYou For Reading x
❤Kisses❤
~_NxcestAxxhole_xx
 
                   
Daniel
Family.... You know, I would like to be one of those people who one day has a family. But now it's just not in the books for me. I am too busy being a C.E.O and run half of New York, Italy, London and Paris. I don't even have time to pleasure myself or even go on dates, so how can i have a family? 
I am sitting in my office, in New York, it's now probably past midnight and i am still busy with work. I need a break. I went on facebook, something i rarely check, and saw that my niece sent me a link. She has been trying to get me to listen to a thing called 'music'and quite frankly i didn't have bad taste in music, i liked Bach and Mozart. Yeah ok, maybe i need a musication. As i listened to the You tube video my finger wandered off the mouse pad and unaware, i clicked on the link. I was busy checking my phone when all of a sudden i heard this angelic voice start to sing... 
Hi my name is Belle, this is an original piece I've been working on, I hope you like it...
 You told me, there's no need, to talk it out cause it's too late... To proceed and slowly, I took your word and walked away... 
No looking back, I won't regret it no, i will find my way, I'm broken, but still i have to say...
It's alright, it's ok, i am so much better without you, i won't be sorry, alright, ok, so don't you bother what i do....
No matter what you say, i won't return, our bridge has burned down, I'm stronger now, alright, ok...
I immediately googled her, i had to find out who she is and where i could find her. Her voice sent me over the edge; no voice has ever captivated me so much that i had to have her. Her voice sent shivers down my spine, all in a very, very good way.
Two days later i found her, her name was Belle Parker; she is 21 and lives in London, England. She moved there about 3 years ago from L.A. There is absolutely no info on her parents. She is currently studying Music and works at a bakery part-time. 0##****994 is her number. She has long waist length jet black hair with captivating emerald green eyes, slim and skinny body, pale skin, plumb pink lips. I had to call her. And i did. 
Ring Ring Ring
She picked up after the 3rd ring. 
"Hello?" she said in her beautiful, angelic voice.
"Hello, my name is Daniel, I saw your blog and i couldn't help but notice how talented you are. You have a very beautiful voice."
"T-Thank you." She stuttered, i could feel her blushing, man i want to see her blush. Oh my, I'm turning into such a girl. We talked for the next 5 hours straight, laughing and getting to know each other. "Listen, Annabelle, I'm flying to London on business tomorrow, how about we meet up and get to know each other better?" I really didn't have to fly out, but i had to meet her, i had to make her mine.
"Ummm..... Sure."

Teclee la palabra en mi buscador...
Desplacé el cursor hasta el primer link, en donde se desplego la muy confiable Wikipedia...
Friendzone  
Palabra compuesta en ingles de los términos: friend (amigo) zone (zona o lugar), por lo cual su uso se refiere al espacio o lugar que ocupa un amigo. 
A nivel social representa una situación donde una persona está enamorada o muy atraída por otra, sin embargo esta persona deja claro que el vínculo que los une es la amistad y no otro tipo de interés amoroso.
Después  un video de un tal Hola soy German respecto al tema.
-¡Demonios!- cerré mi portátil y después me tire a la cama.
La vida resultaba ser un tanto extraña, sobre todo si te enamoras de la persona equivocada, como es mi caso, yo podría haberme enamorado de algún famoso, quizá un modelo o peor aún de alguien por internet, a quien no podría conocer, pero al parecer me gusta complicar las cosas.
Me enamore de mi mejor amigo.
¡Lo sé!
He cometido el peor de los errores en el planeta tierra, sin embargo no lo pude evitar, él era una persona muy atenta  y cariñosa conmigo. Pero como es obvio él no me veía de la misma manera.
Sigan mi consejo y... ¡Jamás se enamoren de su mejor amigo!
La Friendzone puede ser muy dolorosa.

¡Proximamente! Otoño 2016
A/N: The chapters will go Charlotte-Ben-Charlotte-Ben in chapter POV's, so you'll know if it's Charlotte when it starts with "Sweet" and Ben's chapters start with "Sour"

Chapter 1: Sweet as a Strawberry
 
"You'll never guess this one," the customer said gleefully, shoving something into my mouth.
 
I chewed carefully, my eyebrows scrunching as I tasted the delicious morsel of bread. "Pumpernickel and rye swirl," I decided confidently, smiling underneath the blindfold.
 
"With?" she urged, sounding a little put-down.
 
I chewed some more and thought. "Dried oregano and pickled jalapeño," I added, swallowing the piece.
 
The blindfold was ripped off and the customer who'd challenged me grimaced, putting some money in my tip jar. "You win," she said grumpily. "I can't believe it. I only gave you a bit with pumpernickel, how'd you figure out it was swirl?"
 
I smiled cheekily, already aware of her sneaky trick. "I told you I'd be able to guess anything."
 
In the little bakery called Good Eats that was my second home, I, Charlotte Carter, won yet another challenge from a poor, clueless customer.
 
It was a thing my boss had set up after realising I could guess almost any ingredient in any sort of food. If a customer wanted to bet that I couldn't guess the main flavours, they'd get a free cupcake. If I could guess, they had to pay however much they bet in my tip jar.
 
I'm not trying to sound conceited when I say that I've never lost. You wouldn't even believe how business has boomed since we started the whole competition thing.
 
My boss, Diana, even gave me a significant pay raise because of that.
 
"I thought you were exaggerating!" she said in exasperation, blowing angrily at a strand of her mousy hair. "Now I don't have enough money for the cupcake I wanted!"
 
My eyes widened in guilt and I bit my lip. "That won't do, now, will it?" I stuck my hand back in the tip jar and brought out the five pounds she'd put in. I smiled nicely. "Just don't tell my boss-"
 
As I stretched across the counter to give her back her money, a large, rough hand came down on mine, successfully stopping it mid-way.
 
I looked up curiously, my eyes meeting a pair of very intense dark brown eyes. "Hello there," I said cheerfully, taking my free hand off the table to extend to him. The man just stared at it distastefully, making me drop it slowly. Oh man.
 
Who was he? He was really quite handsome, with strong features, built body, and lightly tanned skin. I would've remembered a face like his, but I didn't recall ever seeing him before.
Synopsis:
Sarah Campbell has everything she's ever wanted. She worked day and in and day out for her acceptance to her dream school, Vanderbilt University. And now that she's got it she can't wait to finally let loose. She never was the goodie-two-shoes her parents thought she was, but with a new start here at Vandy, she's really ready to make a name for herself. Except she already has one. Sarah Campbell, Peer Mentor.
Sarah's been volunteering as a peer mentor at Vanderbilt since she was in high school, so it's no shock to her when her boss asks her to take on the hardest case of the semester.
Cue Adam Watson.
Adam Watson is ready to move out and move on. With a past riddled with mistakes, he's ready to create a new future for himself. The only problem? Vanderbilt isn't so forgiving. He's handed his acceptance and football scholarship with one condition, that he meets with a peer mentor once a week.
After a serious warning from the head coach, and threats of being kicked off the team, Adam realizes that the only way he's going to keep his starting position is by actually attending these meetings once a week. Even if it's not by choice.
Sarah Campbell and Adam Watson's worlds collide in a unique set of circumstances, and neither one of them are necessarily thrilled about it. But as Sarah begins to spend more time with Adam, she realizes that there's more to him than what meets the eye. And maybe, just maybe, there's a piece of him worth saving.
1) Saving Adam
2) Chasing Joel (Joel's Spin-Off) *won't be posted until Saving Adam is complete
*Trigger Warning: This book will deal with issues such as Bulimia and alcoholism.
This book updates on Monday.
A.N 
Hey guys. Welcome to 'The Last Dance'. I would like all those who have decided to save this book to their libraries and gave it a chance. Thank you guys. I love you. I hope you have fun while you read this book.
PEACE OUT!
~Ak. 
EDITED
----------------------------------------------------------------------


            
"Oh, God. Please, no."
I groan as my alarm clock beeps. I snooze it and wake up, my body still tired and my eyes still sleepy. I rub my eyes and let out a yawn. Immediately, my eyes shift to Jes, who is still sleeping soundly. That's Jessica for you; she never wakes up on time. Even though she is my older twin, I always feel like the responsible and the mature one. Irony at its finest, huh?
Slowly, I walk towards the balcony and open the door. A cold air wave brings me to my senses and a small smile makes its way on my face. I feel fresh and look around. The whole neighborhood can be seen from this spot and the sunrise makes everything look much more beautiful.
I decide to go back inside and freshen up. As I wash my face, I glance up and the face that stares back at me looks dead.
A pale face with grey eyes, like a storm filled with clouds, and bright blonde hair is staring back at me, making me almost cringe at the sight. People told me that I looked like my mother but I had my dad's eyes. 
This statement always makes me gag. My mom was very pretty. I, on the other hand, had the talent of hurting myself every two seconds.
It has been seventeen years since she died; my mother. My mum had taken a deep breath, one last time after giving birth to me, and never, ever let that breath out.
I realize that this thought is messing with my mind. So, I decide to wash the feeling and the guilt of my face.
I tip-toe my way downstairs and go over to the fridge. Don't judge, okay? I maybe a foodie but I don't hog early in the morning. I just go to get a glass of water. On the fridge door, a sweet picture is put up with a fridge magnet.
There it was; a cute memory of Dad, Jessie and I. I smile, bringing my fingers to touch the picture as I bite my lower lip. Dad, too, died when Jes and I were five.
The way he died, I don't think it would have pained much. It was a car crash. He was speeding on the high way and he crashed into a truck. He left the world, straight and fast. 
Ever since then, Jessie and I lived with our grandma; who means more to us than the whole damn world.
Realizing that I am getting late for my jog, I take out a post-it, write that I am gone for a walk and stick it on the fridge door. I put my earplugs in my ears and step out of the house. Hopefully, Jes would figure out by now that I was gone. Otherwise, oops?
I jog around the neighborhood for a while and go to relax beside the pond, one of my favorite places. I check my watch, which showed 6:52. I had a half hour before we left for school.
I sit by the water, my legs dipped in it. The only thought running, correction, sprinting, through my mind was how school year would turn out to be. I just hoped that this year would be epic, as this was my senior year. I don't expect a dreamy or a sensational year, but just good one.
I really wanted to make this year count because this might be the last ever year I spend with my family. That is, if I get selected into Julliard. I'm sorry I forgot to mention but dancing is the one thing I love as much as I love Jessie and my grandma.
That's me, a dancing girl with sarcasm as her only defense in a school full of dumb teenagers. 
My phone pings and I see that I've received a text from Jessie.
Come back ASAP. Ivan and Nick are on their way – J Bear
I groan at the text because I did not look forward to the first day of school; I only looked forward to the ride part. Ivan Hudson was my close friend probably just for one reason; he is Jessie's boyfriend. Genuinely, Ivan was a sweet person and our families knew each other well. He was few of the only people I could tolerate.
And, then, there was his younger sibling. Nick Hudson was one of the people you did not want to cross paths with. Where do I even begin? Nick and I were good friends, considering that I spent quite a lot of time with him. But, I know we could be nothing more than friends.
The only thing that guy could speak fluently was pickup lines, which always resulted in me roasting him. Not that either of us minded that; we loved doing it because it was kind of how our friendship started.
Come now - J Bear
Another text from Jes pops up and I get up, dust myself and took off, home bound, hoping that I wouldn't be late for the first day of school.
***
When I reach home, I find Jessie staring at me with unspoken anger. She is all dressed up for school, with her backpack slung over her shoulder as her eyes bore into mine and I brace myself for an hour lecture by her. One tip; never, ever, anger your older sibling.
"What took you so long?" She asks, exasperated.
"I'm sorry I didn't check your texts." I reply with a shrug, kissing her cheek.
"Whatever, just go and get dressed."
This is so not my fault. I had already put up a note stating that I would be out. I go up to my room, take a quick shower and put on a flannel shirt paired with jeans. I walk down and pick up my coffee cup as Jessie cleans up the kitchen.
"Cher?" She asks and I reply with a small yes.
"Look, have an awesome-sauce day, okay?"
"You tell that to me every day." I roll my eyes in annoyance.
"I know, I do .Anyway, I'll talk to Ivan for a while and come inside. Please don't make an issue."
"Have I ever?"
"No, you haven't." She says and kisses my forehead. I look at her and smile. She looks so pretty even when she is lecturing me. Small strands of hair fall on her face. Her hazel eyes gave me a sense of comfort.
There was never a doubt she has a handsome boyfriend like Ivan. Me? Well I was a potato in clothes. A nerd or geek was how people of my grade would tell me I am. Jessie, being a caring sister, ahem ahem, always tried to set me up with Nick.
But, no. I mean, have you seen the guy? Keeping all the handsomeness aside, he is probably the cockiest guy you've ever met. He legitimately uses girls like they are a packet of Kleenex tissues. No, he doesn't whore around but he is a big, emphasis on the big, playboy and flirt.
And, plus, I didn't have feelings for him. Okay, maybe just a tiny crush but it was just completely impossible. Nick and I, together? Pfft, no!
Oh God, please fulfil my one and only wi- a series of blasting honks breaks my flow of thoughts. Great!
"Let's go." Jessie said and I follow her. We walk towards the front door as Ivan runs towards Jessie and picks her up. I see Nick sitting in the passenger seat of Ivan's Mercedes, smirking at me. I look away and roll my eyes.
"Save me from this whack job." I mutter to Jessie as she just grins at me. Once the OTP-worthy episode of Ivan and Jessie is over, all of us get in the car. I sit in the backseat and don't bother to listen to conversation as my ear phones drop musical beats in my ears. Well, music is better than pointless chatter any day.
Once we reach school, I don't look back and walk directly towards the school doors; with Nick by my side.
"What's up?" He grins at me and I smile back.
"Your ego, dude."
:"Ready for school?"
"Not one bit." I groan and he laughs at my misery.
"Welcome to Crap land, Cheryl." He mutters to me and we enter inside the double doors.

*Aspyn's pov*Ugh, another day I wake up and go to this hell hole. I don't understand how people actually enjoy school. I'm surrounded by people I hate,and as well as the teachers... But they're mostly asses...I just don't understand.
Well for me, I am the schools "bad girl." I don't wear those stupid ass clothes that show too much skin, that light pink makeup and lipstick crap with perfect curled hair everyday and who sucks up to every teacher. Well, I wear Black jeans , a black shirt, black boots ,black make up - don't worry, I don't look like a raccoon .I'm not a bitch,i'm what you can say "nice"to people I can tolerate and my friends at home you can say I am a "caring, respectful, sweet, innocent little girl." But to be honest, I'm definitely not that girl they just don't see it. For my parents, they think that I am a sweet girl that loves anything and everyone when they're not around I am a total bitch.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I smacked my alarm,got out of bed and headed downstairs to take a shower.I stripped off my clothes and hop into the shower, just letting the water cascade down my back. I did my shower routine quickly so I can head down to school early enough to change I leave my house been nice cute stuff and when I get to school off those clothes and go on my clothes first for school which consisted of my black Nirvana shirt, black ripped skinny jeans, a black leather jacket, and black combat boots and I also packed more make up. I went downstairs to get breakfast before I went to school.
"Morning, cupcake!" My mom smiled, kissing my cheek.
"Hey,kiddo." My dad smiled at me.
"Morning." I faintly smiled.
"Do you want any pancakes?" My mom asked sweetly.
"Sure, I'm gonna go to school early to do some work later." I lied.
"That's my girl! You get those grades up!" My dad encouraged
"Bye mom and dad, i love you" i said walking out the door.
My friend Tris, takes me to school everyday;my parents think i walk.She parks around the corner so my parents don't see her. I turned the corner and got in her car.
" Hey there girly girl." Tris laughed. 
"Just shut up and drive." I said
"I cant believe I'm doing this." Tris said
"Do what? You driving me to school,me dressing like this?" I replied
"No shit sherlock! Like your parents are going to catch you sooner or later."
"Well it'll be later." I said with a smile.
We sat in silence with the Green Day CD playing in the car through the speakers. I was tapping along to the beat, and finally we were at school.
"Here's our stop, hell!" Tris yelled
"Yes! It feels great to be back." I replied sarcastically. 
We walked into school together,soon walking our separate ways. Right as i get to my locker, two huge, muscular arms wrapped around my waist. 
"Hey,daddy's little sweetheart." 
That annoying, familiar Australian voice said,right in my ear making a shiver go down my back. I turned around and faced the devil ... great.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
First chapter????So what ya think?~Still making a cover~P.s. The picture is what she wore in the morning
          "There are those who are afraid of the dark, not just because its dark, but because of whats inside the darkness."
                                          -Unknown
Once again, I have to go through another first day of school, at least it's my last. I've never really understood the people who say the four years of high school are going to be some of the best years of your life. Honestly, high school hasn't been that great for me. It's more like a roller coaster of highs and lows, but mainly boring in between lately.
Enough ranting about high school, might as well give more background information about myself. 
My name is Emery, and I can already tell you that my name is one of the few things I like about myself. Henceforth, I'm pretty insecure and very shy. Even though i shouldn't be because according to my best friends Clare and Jordie , I'm hot, which I don't see. I have dark blue eyes and I'm relatively fit because I used to play a bunch of different sports, but I had to stop. I also have a tendency to be overly sarcastic, especially at the worst times. 
So I bet now you can tell why high school is hard for me, especially the social aspect of it. It doesn't help at all, when I also have ADHD, so sometimes I have to try twice as hard as everyone else. I also forgot to mention, I'm bisexual, so imagine little me (I'm 5 "2) being super shy and getting totally flustered when talking to both sexes. Yup, I think I can already tell people are face palming or cringing on my behalf.
So, just as I'm walking up the steps to the entrance of my high school, I shouting,"EMERY!!!"I turn around to see my best friend Clare run up to give me a bone crushing hug, which made me squeak out an oww. She immediately let go and apologized for hugging my bad shoulder, but I reassured her it was fine.
"Jeez, Clare calm yourself with the hugs," chuckled Jordie as he walked up to us. 
Jordie was the muscular friendly guy which every girl lusted after especially with his million dollar smile and sparkly blue eyes. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that Jordie is Gay, so it's so funny to see girls flirt with him. They just can't take a hint.
"We'll it's not my fault I'm an overly touch person, plus I forgot about your shoulder Emery. I'm sorry," replied Clare. 
Clare is a sweet and over talkative person. She's pretty and smart, and has a good sense of humor. Before anyone starts trying to ship us together, I'll tell you right away that nothing will happen with us. I've known Clare forever and she's like my sister.
"No worries," I said. "Come on guys, I don't want to be late. Plus I want to see if we have classes together. 
We had half of our classes together, which was a bummer because I was hoping to have at least one of them with me in all. 
My first period was chemistry which isnt good because I suck at it and I don't have my friends with me. Plus it's too early to pay attention to lectures about molecular forces of attration and viscosity.
The teacher started doing role call early, I was so spaced out I almost didn't hear my name. That's pretty much me on a daily basis. 
All of a sudden a girl barges in the classroom, she excuses herself and talks with the teacher.
However, I'm too preoccupied with my thoughts as the teacher introduces her to the class.
The teacher, Mrs. Patricks, says, "ok dear, you can go sit next to Emery there in the back."
Of course I'm spacing out again and hear my name"What," I asked.
"Emery please pay attention," she turns to the new girl I've never seen before here, "Gracen, go ahead and take a seat".
As the girl makes her way next to be I can't help but my mesmerized by how beautiful she is. She has light brown Auburn hair and the prettiest light green eyes. She literally looked like a model. I can tell she's not from around here, because everyone in this town knows everyone and I definitely never seen her before. I had to mentally kick myself to stop staring as she sat next to me.
"Hello, nice to meet you," she politely says.
It took me a while to register she was talking to me before I could respond.
"...heyyy. umm.. How's it goingg..?"I seriously hate myself. I can't even form sentences without stuttering, I'm so wierd and she probably by now knows that.
Gracen just giggles and says fine. Then the teacher starts the class and I can't help but look over at Gracen, she's just really pretty and I couldn't help but blush. Again I was so spaced out, I didn't hear the teacher say we had a project already with the person next to us. 
I literally had a oh sh*t moment. Me...., in group projects... Oh heck no.....that's such a bad idea... great school is going to suck so much. Then it occurred I was paired with Gracen, how the heck am I suppose to do a project with a girl that makes me even more nervous than I already am.
Well this first semester is already going to be tough, I already know it.
(Sidenote: picture up above is suppose to be Emery)
Copyright © 2012 Lilly Purdon. All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoeverwithout the express written permission of the publisherexcept for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
[A/N PLEASE READ: Just so you guys know, this story is UNEDITED because it is available for free.  I get lots of comments complaining about grammatical errors and stuff. This is not edited, and YES, I know the mistakes are there. So read at your own risk, some parts might seem confusing, but the later chapters are better. I started this story 2012, and I've improved on writing since then. Thanks for clicking on this story! Enjoy!(: ] 

My name is Vanessa I'm in a foster home cause my parents died in a car crash and I get bullied by Mateo at school but I bully him back momma ain't raise no punk we used to be friends but he started bullying me when we got to high school so yep 👋🏾 bye
hey y'all Mateo here but yea I kinda like Vanessa I used of be her bestfran I like her but she ain't no punk and I already knew that so I'm making her tougher and all but yea my mom callin bye
"Bella Winters, don't make me come in there!" My older brother Jedd pounded on my bedroom door causing me to groan loudly as I covered my face with the duvet for the millionth time. 
"Leave me alone Jedd!" I grumbled sleepily. His fist crashed against my door once again before he yelled loudly - 
"I swear to god if your not up in 20 minutes Bella I'm breaking down your door!" 
I sighed heavily shooting daggers at the door that was threatening to come off its hinges. 
"Keep your hair on Grandad, I'm getting up!" I yelled back throwing my duvet to the side and groaning from the sudden cold that hit my warm sleepy body. I heard Jedd grumble something about teenagers outside my room and I rolled my eyes at him before wondering into my own bathroom. I loved having my own bathroom. I was the only girl in the house and my own bathroom was definitely a must have.
A girl has needs you know? 
   Hindi ine-expect ni Sana na maiboboto siya as their school's student council secretary.Hindi naman siya sikat, social butterfly, bully or whatever and lastly, bagong transfer palang siya kaya nakakapagtaka.
   Dito niya na-meet ang dalawang lalaking nagpagulo sa dating tahimik at mapaya niyang school life.
Fujioka Shintara   Oftenly called 'Shin'.Siya raw yung tipong tahimik at seryoso.At pag sinabi kong tahimik, as in hindi talaga makausap.Sikat siya sa academy nila dahil sa social status at academic standing niya and specially, dah face.
Kawamura Shin-ji   Kung may makakapantay man sa kasikatan ni Shin, siya na yon.Taliwas sa attitude ni Shintara; makulit at easy going naman si Shin-ji.
     Uy bes, ikaw nalang magbasa! Tinatamad na kong mag- kwento eh!
Meet Sana >>>>>
All rights reserved
Please do not copy my cover nor copy my story. Or I may or may not hunt you down and feed you to the sharks in Australia. No pressure guys! 
I am however, aware that there might be a few stories similar to mine and I'm sorry if my book ends up similar to yours. I have actually thought of the way I wanted to write this book by myself. 
~Aaliyah
Dedicated:
To Wattpad for being such a nice website :) 
Copyright © 2014 Ariana Godoy
All Rights Reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or in any means—by electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise—without prior written permission.
My wattpad love.
Four words. It is unbelievable how four words can change your life forever. Phrases like "I truly love you" or "I really like you" are so powerful and strong; they can warm your heart in a matter of seconds. They can lead you to happiness. But it was not one of those phrases the one that changed my life. It was a much simpler phrase, one I never expected to read.  
It was past midnight. I was surfing on the internet like every Saturday night. After finishing a bowl of ice cream by myself, I was hyperactive and couldn't sleep. I guess the extra sugar in my system was not really helping. I was lying on my stomach moving my finger along the pointing device of my Hp laptop. I was searching for stories to read, I ran out of paper books so I decided to try those so famous online books. I was not having any success; most of the pages that offered the mentioned books were kind of expensive. I would have paid for those books that caught my attention but hey, I was seventeen. I barely had money for lunch at school. Besides, those websites asked for credit cards and I was really far away from getting one of those.  
Sighing in frustration, I was about to give up when I saw an orange icon and the word free. I clicked on it and the internet explorer showed me wonderland: Wattpad. My eyes widened in shock as I read the website's mottos: unlimited stories, free eBooks, free download for your phone. As I scroll down the page, I discovered many stories. Many tittles caught my attention. I wanted to read them all. I could not believe I could read all those amazing stories for free. My heart started hammering inside my chest in excitement.
For the first few days, I was a silent reader. I didn't have an account so I simply enjoyed reading the stories I liked.   But then I felt the need to support those writers who spend hours on their books so I created an account. I was soon fanning people and commenting on stories to show my support. A month later, I was an addict. I checked wattpad three times per day to see if the stories I was following were updated. 
"Are you listening to me?" Laura, my best friend, asked as we walked to school one day.
"Huh?" I asked closing the wattpad app on my IPhone. 
"You never listen to me, Julie. It's getting on my nerves," she complained walking faster, leaving me behind.
"Lau, wait!" I screamed running after her. 
I couldn't help it. Wattpad had become my guilty pleasure. I tried to balance things, you know, hanging out with my friends and spending time on wattpad but it was hard. However, after a few weeks I managed to find the perfect balance. Whenever I was with my friends, I wouldn't take my IPhone out of my pocket because I knew if I did I would succumb to the need of checking wattpad. 
Anyway, you are probably wondering about those four words that changed my life. Well, it happened one afternoon after getting home from school. I turned my laptop on and immediately logged in wattpad. It was then my eyes caught that phrase... 
Share your own story.
Four words, seventeen letters... I had always liked writing. I had a few un-finished stories in my laptop but never got the courage to finish them because I was lazy. Besides, I honestly never thought people would read them. It took me a few days to decide whether to post them or not. Clicking on the upload section and then on post a new story, I uploaded my first story. To say I was nervous is an understatement, I was terrified. I would check my mail each five seconds to see if I got a comment or anything. 
Hey there, human being. :) (ignore that if you're a dog or an alien.)
Thank you for clicking the 'read' button. You just gained a virtual bear-rib-crushing hug. I hope you like this story and cry/laugh/have a good time with it. Here are some stuff I'd like you to know before reading it:
-I am fourteen years old, and I'm not from the US, and I AM AWARE that there are countless grammar mistakes. So if you see one, feel free to comment what is it and I will fix it. 
-On this exact moment, I'm eating. 
- This is dedicated to S, M, I. You know who you are and it's a story for and about you all. 
-Don't like this book and want to write mean comments about it? Write your reason down on a piece of paper and join the line of people waiting for me to care. But a piece of advice, leaving is a better option. ;) 
- Please, do not copy this story. It's really unprofessional. People put a lot of effort to write stories, and when someone just comes and steals their idea, it is just plain sad. 
-This is basically, the life of a teenager through texts. How she feels, what goes on in her life and most of all, where she starts discovering herself. It's mostly sad, not depressing, sad. 
-Yes, I will write the 301 texts. 
-Hate is always spread. It's something I have learn to deal with a long time ago. And to be honest? Haters broadcast your failure and whisper your success. 
-Thank you for reading it! I hope you like it! 
Love, Jas, xx. 
I gathered the blue tack from my desk and stuck twinkly lights to my wall. I am not one of them Tumblr or Pinterest people really, I just really like twinkly lights. I took a step back from my master piece to see how I did. It slumped to one side and hit my cold wooden floor. 
"Ugh! I've done this a thousand times! Stick on my wall!" I screamed at my lights as though they where human. They were still on, surprisingly, the white color still sparkling away to itself
"Leora! Time to go! You'll be late!" A low voice called from downstairs. My dad. I ran down stairs as quick as I could though I cannot walk down stairs the right way. Don't ask questions. I know it's weird. I slip on the last step but manage to land the right way up. I don't know how a human could possibly not walk down the stairs, it's like the most simplest task!
"Get in the car ,Leora," my dad called from outside the door. I reached for the door handle and grabbed my bag. I slammed the door behind me causing me jump to the side a bit. The cool air hit me, along with the fresh outdoors smell.
"Your always so slow," he turned to look at me as I plopped I down in my seat. I buckled the seat-belt in to the correct place and turned to look at him.
"Oh, must of been my 'nearly falling down the stairs' bit taking to long."
|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~
I open my locker and exchanged books. I needed a new design on my locker. It's too dull inside. I felt a hand on my shoulder. I sharply turn round with my hands in the air ready to punch who ever it is. Ivy. She always sneaks up on me. Even when I am reading a book. Like, can't you see I have business going on. Ivy has always been my best friend till the end since I started here at high school. She has always been the prettier one too, all the boys chasing her. I did have a friend in primary school, but he moved away for his parents work. "Leora! Guess.. What!" She did a awkward dance half way through.
"What, you asked the cafeteria if they are doing milkshakes today," she nodded like a psycho ", and they are." I said in my best way of not caring. She nodded again and grinned like the Cheshire Cat and walked off. I secretly do like them, I just never tell her. My eyes travelled to a couple in the halls as I carefully shut my locker door, trying not to slam it too hard so my precious books fall over.
                      |~|~|~|~|~|
"Sit down, Sit down. I know your all excited to learn Geography with me!" Mr Frenmus said trying to be funny. Once he gave me a warning because I smiled as I came into class. Bonkers. Just like him. Me and him had never gotten along, always trying to give me a detention for strange reasons. 
Half way through the lesson , it came to a halt. The fire bell. Ivy did her happy dance from across the messy classroom. Mr Frenmus never wanted to tidy his classroom, he said that the fairies can clean it instead.
We all knew it was a practice run because all the new people will have to learn what to do. But if there ever was a fire we would be doomed. It took Mr Frenmus 10 minutes to tell us where to go, when the rest of the school was already outside waiting for us. 
I walked home alone. As usual. But all that happened was that I nearly got ran over cause I was too busy thinking about a parallel universe. Its just so intresting ,like, what are the other us' doing? Ivy keeps telling me not to day dream but I think it's fun, but I my case it can be dangerous. I fell asleep with my tv blurring away to itself. I normally did this, thinking what if I was different...
Thanks for reading if you made it this far! I know it was boring but it was my first paragraph but it gets good. (I hope). It took me ages to get the courage to write this and to think you'll like it. I hope it's different from the others you read. BYE!
September 12th 1:50pm-"No, we'll win. Trust me, we're playing the bull dogs. When have they ever been good?" I say and laugh. "As long as you're on the team we'll win." My friend, Taylor, said. "No, as long as you and the rest of the girls are on the team, we'll win." I say. Mr. Hanson was letting us talk until class was over, which was ten minutes. Taylor was on the junior varsity team when we were freshman, but last year and this year she's on the varsity team. If you're wondering our school colors are navy blue and white. We're the Knights and we couldn't be prouder. We dominate in every sport, except wrestling. Our wrestling team sucks. Taylor, Cassie, and I talked about our game tonight. Cassie is also on the team. I'm the best server, not to brag but I really am. Cassie is fantastic at spiking and hitting. Taylor is great all around, she can hit, spike, serve, bump, dig, and set really good. She could've made the varsity team in freshman year but they really needed a server and she was the best server on the J.V team. It was 2:00pm exactly and the bell rang. We rushed to the girls locker room and quickly changed into our uniforms. Cassie and I hurried to get the net up. People started crowding into the gym as Cassie and I walked back into the locker room. We had ten minutes until we had to warm up. We made a braid line. I braided Taylor's hair while Cassie braided mine. Once all 12 girls had their hair French braided and a bow in them it was time to warm up. We were passing and setting to each other. The bull dogs showed up and quickly came out of the locker room to warm up. "Alright girls, let's start the season off strong. No distractions. If your boyfriend is here, pretend he isn't. It's just the girls on the court. It's just the ball." I say. It was game time and coach had me sitting out for the first serve.I was cheering and I heard someone else clapping really loud. I turned my head around and saw a boy named Lucas clapping. He saw me looking at him with a raised eyebrow and winked. I shook my head and turned around. We won the first game and I went in. I served the ball and they missed it, giving us a point. I served it three times before they actually got it over back to our side of the net. They barely got it over so Taylor passed it to Cassie to spike it. I served two more times until they finally scored a point and had to serve. The bull dogs called their first time out so we hurried up to our coach as well. "Alright girls, you're looking great. By the way I'm liking the matching braids," she said and everyone laughed, "Anyways, you guys are doing great. Keep on doing what you're doing, beat em' up. Knights on three, one, two, three, Knights!" Coach D said and we ran out to the court.The final score was 25 to 10, us. The bull dogs will be our easiest win of the season for sure. They haven't beat us in 16 years. "Hey, Tay, I'll meet you at your car in a second I'm going to grab a drink really quick." I said to Taylor as I put money into the vending machine. "Aye, good game Sam." Someone said to me. "Yeah, nice one Samantha." Someone else said and I smiled. I clicked on the vitamin water and waited for it to drop. I heard it but someone else reached their hand in to grab it. I looked up and saw that same boy who winked at me. "Here ya go, Sam. Nice game, by the way. You're the best." Lucas says and hands me my water. "You're not to bad at sports yourself." I smile in a way to say thanks. "How'd you know?" He asks. "You're the star football player, of course I know you're good at sports." I say and furrow my eyebrows. "Ok, well Miss Know-It-All, would you like to go out for lunch tomorrow?" He asked. I was stunned, the star football player just asked me out. "Don't you only date cheerleaders?" I ask. "Don't say it too loud. That's what all my friends say I have to do and if they found out that I was dating someone other than a cheerleader they would flip. Besides, I don't like cheerleaders." He says in a hushed voice. "So why'd you ask me out if they would kill you?" I ask in a hushed tone. "I like you, that's why." He said. "Ok, well, look. I'm flattered, and quite frankly surprised, but I can't. I don't want a boyfriend to distract me from my game, especially during the season." I say. "It doesn't mean we're boyfriend and girlfriend, it's just lunch." He says. "No, I'm sorry. Maybe after both of our seasons end, but you and I can't afford to be distracted." I say and walk out of the school. I heard running footsteps behind me. "So you do like me?" Lucas asks and jumps in front of my. "Maybe." I smile and walk away. I got in Taylor's car and we drove to her house. "What was that all about?" She asked. "Lucas asked me out. I said no because of volleyball." I said and checked my phone. "You rejected Lucas Clark?" Taylor asked. "Yup." I say and go on Snapchat. "Impressive." She said. "Thanks." I said, unsure. "You'd be a cute couple, though. The two best athletes in the school dating." She said. "Oh, shut it. I'm not even a cheerleader so he couldn't date me." I say and we pulled in her driveway. We are having a team sleepover at her house since her parents are away for her brothers hockey tournament. We asked permission first, though. "This should be a fun night." She said and unlocked her house.
Disclaimer: 


1.) I'm a Model that's undercover as a Nerd2.) I'm A Secret Agent Undercover In High School 3.) I'm A Girl Undercover In An All Boys School 4.) Getting Caught Undercover 
But anyways, 
Enjoyyy....
~KittyKat<3
---------------------------------------What would you do if you lived the life as Clover Thompson: the nerd during the school day and Lucky, the supermodel after school hours? She has been a model since she was 15 years old for all different types of company's. She at first started out modeling for company's like Hollister, Aeropostale, and Wet Seal, but once she was allowed to started modeling for Victoria Secret she did. And now she's the number one model in the world. No one knows her little modeling secret except her family and best friend Tori, and no one would suspect it when she wears: fake glasses, a wig, and a fake retainer. But what happens when the player/bad boy of the school, Andrew Carter, gets assigned to work on a project with Clover and she is forced to spend time with him? Will he find out her secret? How long can Clover keep her double life a secret?
A/N:Ello Loves! Throughout the whole book I have one drill. Feel free to do whatever. For those who say that I give away the whole story in the title a blurb I just would like to point out you're wrong because you haven't read it so you have no idea and those who have read it know that's not true because a lot happens in the book that aren't mention at all in the summary. So just remember it never hurts to read the book, but if you don't want to read it I completely understand. Another thing, THIS STORY IS CLICHE with some parts so if you don't like that stuff I wouldn't continue reading it. The other stories in the saga are not cliche though if you decide to keep reading. But anyways here's the drill,
Comment,
Share,
Vote,
Fan,
~KittyKat<3
There are going to be way too many characters to cast, and for some reason, I'd rather not have a cast for this series. cx So this is going to be a list of all the significant characters for this book, some more and less significant to others.
The order is alphabetical by first name just so you won't have any idea of who will be more or less significant. Except for Dan, because he is the main character and the story is told in his POV.
Characters:
Daniel "Dan" Goldsworth - 20 years old
Alexandra Goodman - 19 years old
Annie Goldsworth - in her 40's
Ariella Goodman - 17 years old
Bella Goodman - in her 40's
Cedric Goldsworth - in his 40's
Courtney Goodman - 20 years old
Destiny Simms - 17 years old
Eldon Goldsworth - in his 60's
Enzo Simms - in his 60's
Gerard Allen - 20 years old
Hugo Mitchell - in his 30's
John Griffith - in his 50's
Priya Parth - 20 years old
Sierra Allen - in her 40's
Wally Goodman - in his 40's
Wesley Allen - in his 40's
So some of these characters will have as small as being just a teacher in the school, but these are most of the characters whose name will be mentioned. 
This story will start when Winter Gatherings ends, which I'm hoping is soon. cx It might even be before the New Year. I'm really excited for this book and I'm going to try my best not to spoil what's coming in my author notes. cx It's going to be challenging.
(Chapter 1- The Bad Boy Is Planning Something)
Two ordinary words and alone they can represent one thing but put together they mean something entirely different. For example, the words bad and boy. Everyone knows the following definitions but combine them, and they shout something I was desperately trying to avoid. Our School's most notorious bad boy, Brody Bauer. The only problem, it is not that simple, and here is why.
I made my entrance to school as I did every morning. Showing up with my three besties Megan, Olivia and Grace in my blue MINI Cooper which I can proudly say gets 35 miles to the gallon open highway. Just saying.
We usually took turns car pooling every morning to help the environment and all, and today just happened to be my day so here we were pulling into the parking lot of the school fighting all the other cars for a parking space. Luckily I happened to notice one close to the front of the school and silently cheered as a drove over to it.
Crap, I thought to myself when I saw that it was not available as I thought. Don't you just hate those moments when you realize there is actually a much smaller vehicle in the parking spot and you don't get that fabulous spot after all? Yeah, it is quite disappointing. Curse the person who drove it to school today.
 "There's one." Grace said pointing about four spaces down from us.
Yay, maybe this day will not be so terrible after all. I hate when I have to walk a mile to get into school and by the time I get there I'm already tired and out of breath. To my relief when I got there, I was actually able to park, sparing me a few minutes before the first period.
"I'll catch up with you guys later. I have to see one of my teachers about something before class." Megan said stepping quickly  from the car.
I was not at all surprised she was ditching us again. She had been doing that for the past week with a different excuse every time. Even though, she did not exactly say it I knew it was about a guy. I think she is seeing someone and just does not want us to know yet.
"Are you meeting up with Blake this morning?" Olivia asked with that same smirk on her face as always.
I sighed regretfully. "No, he said he had to meet with the coach again to get in some extra practice."
With confusion plastered on her face, she said. "This early in the morning?"
I shrugged and sighed. "That's what he said."
"It just more time you get to make up for later?" Olivia grinned while wiggling her eyebrow suggestively.
"Like tonight." Grace teased.
"You guys said you wouldn't tell." I stated.
"There's no one here." Grace pointed out.
 "Oh...well...just remember it." I replied.
I had finally made up my mind that I was going to give my virginity to Blake tonight. After all,  we had been together for six months, and he has waited so patiently for me. It was going to be the most memorable night of our lives. I do not think it would mean as much if we were not both virgins. We had both agreed to save ourselves for each other, and tonight it was going to happen. I cannot wait to see the surprise on his face when I tell him.
PLOT
          Si Felicity ay isang babaeng sobrang adik sa Facebook.
          Lahat ng nangyayari sa kanya, Facebook. Lahat ng nakikita nya, Facebook. Pati yung picture ng kinakain nya nasa Facebook na din.
          Buhay na nya ang Facebook. Kapag hindi sya nakapag online kahit isang araw, end of the world na yun para sa kanya.
          Isang araw, habang nagpopost sya ng status nya sa Facebook, hindi nya inaasahang may na-tag pala syang isang kapangalan ng kakilala nya.
          Basta nagulat na lang sya na sumasabog na ang notification ng Facebook account nya. Mga notification ng naglike sa status nya na yun. Mga nagcomment, nagshare at kung ano-ano pa.
          Pero, isa sa mga daan-daang notification na iyon ang kumuha ng atensyon nya.
          Ang notification galing sa "maling lalaki" na na-tag nya.   
          "Aabangan kita sa school bukas!" yan yung reply ng lalaki na yun sa status nya.
          Nung icheck nya kung sino ba ang maling lalaki na na-tag nya, napanganga na lang sya ng makilala kung sino ba ito.
          Ang Prince ng school nila na si Kaizer Buenavista!
          Ano bang nakalagay sa status nya? Well, ito lang naman:
          I love you boyfie! Mwuah! Mwuah! :*  - with Kaizer Buenavista
          OH NO! Ano ng gagawin nya ngayon? Paano nya haharapin si Kaizer?!
          At, paano nya haharapin ang mga estudyante sa school nila na nakaalam, nakabasa, naka-like at comment sa "maling relationship status" nya?
My Tag Boyfriend
All Rights Reserved 1/2/2014
Copyright ©MaevelAnne
NO PART OF THIS STORY SHALL BE REPRODUCED IN ANY FORM. STOP PLAGIARISM!
WARNING: Madaming typos. Un-edited bawat chapter. Paki intindi na lang. Salamat.
Summary
I opened it eagerly, lightly touching the paper. I slowly began to read
Dear Fuckface
I banged my best friends, older sister this morning. He would probably kill me if he found out but who cares, I won't be coming back for seconds anyways.
I stopped and took a deep breath. Was it okay for me to be reading our residence bad boy's diary whom he seemed to call Fuckface?
The answer was yes.
............................................................................................................................
 
Winnie Indigo is a nerd, the type of girl who is never noticed and never paid attention to. She is the girl who whispers the answers to you when you're called in class, but is never thanked. Who spends her weekends watching Animal Planet and The Discovery channel and googling interesting facts.
Brody Casen is attractive, cocky, dangerous, arrogant and completely wanted by the female population of Westview High. He never knew that dropping his little black book, that he always carries in his back pocket, would be in the hands of his nerdy neighbor, who he can't help but feel oddly attracted to.
Watch as these two are thrown into unpredictable situations, fights, parties and maybe just maybe feel the sparks of true love.
◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆
"Brody," Ms. Aaron called.
English class had been going relatively fine, until Ms. Aaron decided to ask Brody a question.
In my opinion that made Ms. Aaron one of the bravest teachers in the faculty, because she was always throwing questions at Brody when she believed he was dozing off and always ended up facing his ultimate wrath.
He lifted up his beautiful face, pink crease marks lining his cheek and glared at our English teacher. His green eyes narrowing in annoyance for ruining his nap.
"What are some examples that Macbeth had ambition?"
I whispered the answer to him, before he decided to flip her off.
He repeated exactly what I said receiving a nod of approval from our teacher.
I scrunched down in my seat hoping he wouldn't notice me and he didn't.
Because he was Brody Casen and I was on the lower level of the food chain, whereas he was on the highest point.
People like me weren't acknowledged by people like him. It was a fact.
Every English class, I provided my undivided attention and devotion to admire Brody Casen's Greek god like features. From his wavy chocolate brown hair, to his forest green eyes, the tanned skin and the lean and muscular body.
Gods gift to girls. That was what people often heard him say about himself.
And with an ego the size of Jupiter, which was the largest planet I would know.
Every class I provided him with the answers to every question that was thrown his way, but never once did he look my way or cough out a quick thank you in his deep throaty voice.
I don't know if it was a good thing I wasn't noticed or a bad thing.
Because apart from being ridiculously good looking Brody was also mean, dangerous, a bully and a serial womanizer.
~*~
Beep! Beep! Beep!
Groaning, I quickly slammed my hand down onto the stop button of my annoying alarm clock, before my father woke and heard. Seriously, I don't know what he would do, if I woke up, more or less, do I want to know. 
Still moaning and groaning about having to wake up, I roll onto my stomach and lift my hand, to check the time. Seeing that it was seven o'clock and I have an hour until I have to get to school. Debating for a few seconds about rather or not I should go back to bed, I finally decide to drag my ass out of bed and get ready.
I pulled the covers off me, shivering slightly when the cold air surrounded me. I headed to my bathroom and stripped out of my PJs, that were wrinkled from sleep. Checking the water temperature and noticing that it was right where I wanted, I got in and started the usual routine of washing and scrubbing my body clean, being sure to be tender on my bruises. When I was done, I cut the water and stepped into the steaming bathroom, wrapping a big, fluffy, powder-blue towel around my body. Then walked into the connecting, small walk-in closet, that I could access from both my room and bathroom.
Once inside, I picked out a pair of denim, skinny jeans and an oversized, cream color sweater, that cover my bruises from yesterday. After throwing that on, I laced up a pair of black, high-top converses. I love my converses! Walking into my room, I picked up my school bag, that was hanging on the back of my study desk. Quietly, I made my way downstairs to the kitchen, making sure to not wake up my dad.
I grabbed an apple, off the counter, before making my way outside and softly closing the door behind me. I love apples, also. I only had 20 minutes to get to school, and it takes me an average of 15 minutes to walk to get to school, so I have to be quick.
Now, I bet you are confused. Well, let's start from the beginning. My name is Charlotte Woods, but I like to go Char by friends. I don't have many, only one. Her name is Courtney, and we are total opposites. She's more outgoing and loud, whereas I'm quieter and get straight A's. You can say I am a nerd, but I don't mind, because it makes me feel more connected to my mom, as we used to talk about which college will be good for me. You see my mom was a nerd, as well, so I don't mind being called a nerd.
When I finally reached the school, having four minutes to spare, I saw Courtney and walked to her. "Hey, come on, we're going to be late," she told me and dragged me to our first class, which is math. I loved math, and it is probably one of my favorite subjects. Classes flew by, and soon it was lunch. 
Cortney and I have all the same classes together, except for English and gym.
Together, we walked into the cafeteria and got our lunches from the line. I got a chicken sandwich with a water bottle and Courtney got a cheese and ham sandwich with water. After we paid, we went to our table, next to a window in the corner. You see, our high school is like any other typical high school. The popular kids in the middle and the nerds in the corners.
"So, how's your dad?" Cortney asked, around a mouthful of her sandwich.
I know what you are wondering. Why is she asking about my dad first? Well you see, after my mom died in a car crash, he started drinking all his problems away. So Cortney knows about my father's dependency on alcohol and that he gets abusive when I am next to him because I remind him of my mom. 
My father and I used to have that really close relationship when I was younger. You know that 'daddy's little princess type of relationship plus I was dad's only child, so I was obviously the favourite one. But that changed when mom died.
"Hey, hey, you okay?" Cortney questioned, seeing that I started looking a little dazed.
"Yeah, I'm fine. Don't worry. And yes, dad is okay, haven't seen him since yesterday," I answered her question about my father.
"Alright, just be careful and let's go, before we are late," she said, right before the bell rang, indicating that the period was over and that it was time to go to your next class.
When that class was over, I headed to the gym while Courtney went to English. I like the gym, but hate the people in class. Now, I know you are wondering why I am so rude. Well, you will know.
As I walked into the girls changing rooms, everyone went quiet as Tiffany, with her minions Molly and Kate, came stalking towards me.
"Err, look at her clothes. Did you get them from.. the trash?" Tiffany spoke. 
Now, you know what I mean. You see Tiffany is the queen bee in this school. In every school, I bet there is a Tiffany. She is the stereotypical stuck up popular rich girl. Her name is Tiffany Skye. Even her name is flawless.
"What? Cat got your tongue?" She asked, laughing with her minions.
"Excuse me," Fed up with her antics, I walked around her and escape the attention, that was all pointed to the showdown between me and Tiffany. Luckily, the teacher came in, right before Tiffany could respond.
After I got changed, we played dodgeball and you know how that turns out. After school lets out, I headed home quickly. When I got home I saw my dad's car and hurried inside quietly. My dad was sleeping on the couch with bottles of alcohol and the smell of cigarettes was everywhere. 
I quickly dropped my bag on the floor and went to the kitchen to make dinner. Pulling out the ingredients to make steak with a side of mashed potatoes and corn. I got the steak out, seasoned it, and put it in the oven with the frozen corn in a pan beside it. As I was making the mash potatoes, my dad walked in. I instantly stop what I was doing and tensed up when I felt him come near me, preparing for the worst.
"Where's my dinner?" He snapped at me, having an anger issue when he was hung over.
"I am making it," I quietly replied back, mashing and adding seasoning to the potatoes.
"Not good enough, you useless person," he shouted.
I didn't get to answer when he suddenly punched me in my stomach. Falling to the ground, I wrapped an arm around my already bruised stomach, using the other to block the following kicks. He kicked me twice, before ranking my hair, to pull me up. "Hurry up, you stupid girl," he demanded into my ear, reeking of alcohol, cigarettes, and BO.
I slowly got up and finished the dinner, gave it to my dad and went to my room. Getting my first aid box out, I cleaned up any blood that was there and went to sleep thinking, if anything is going to get better or will it always be like this. 
.............................................................Hey everyoneHope you like this bookSorry for any mistakes.
This book is getting edited by BooksAreForEver22 thank you so much.
Thats charlotte on side.Trailer on the side is by ashleybaldridge thank you so much. I love it. It's my first trailer.
Comment•vote•followByee[ P.s. I know that all the chapters do say edited. But they are not! I did edit them before but it didn't change so I left it. But it is getting edited slowly]
THIS IS WHAT THE FANS HAVE TO SAY:
____________________________________
I love this story!!!! I would totally date Jared...... addicted to this -BretFladlandFleur
*
J'adore I'm literally obsessed with this story -MichelleLimon
*
I get feelings with your story! Like my stomach feels weird. I love your story! I can't wait til you post again! -HeeyyitzLeah
*
I love this book, one of my favorites on Wattpad :) update soon please. -_gizem
*
This has got to be one of my fav stories so far! :) -CamrynBurgardt
*
<3 JARED <3 enough said :) please upload I want more sexy Jared moments :P I want her to just jump him!!!! -captivate76
*
Hailey is hilarious! XD -sakahouie
*
Oh my God. I just died!!!! This has to be the best love story ever!!!! -cutenekochan
*
AWWW!!!!!! I love JARED!! -Tvdlover

" Oh my gosh! Engaged ka na bes?" Tanong saakin ni Nichole sabay kain ng sandwich niya.
Nandito kami ngayon sa office kung saan ako nagtatrabaho, napakamot ako sa ilong ko at masayang sinabi na.
" Yes bes, engaged na ako with Jao " masaya kong sabi at pinakita ang singsing sa kanila na nasa daliri ko. 
" Congrats bes! Maid of honor ako ah!" Sabi ni Nichole.
" Oy hindi! Ako kaya " sabi naman ni Kelly 'yong kambal niya. 
Napailing nalang ako ng magbangayan sila, 3 months na akong engaged pero ngayon ko lang nasabi sa kanila dahil sobrang busy ko na.
Nung nagpropose si Jao ay sobrang saya ko, hindi ko inaakala na 'yong taong gustong gusto ko nung college ako ay mapapakasalan ko na.
Kaya lang may gusto siya kay Angel, at naging sila pa. Kaya sobrang wala akong pag asa that time.
" Sige una na ko bes! Bye!" Paalam ni Nichole. 
Nandito na pala kami sa bahay ko, nauna ng umalis si Kelly dahil hinahanap na siya nung boyfriend niya. 
Pumasok na ako sa loob ng bahay ko, minsan dito rin tumitira si Jao kapag wala siya work, sa bulacan siya nagtatrabaho pero dito kami nakatira sa manila.
Napahinto ako sa nakita ko, bakit nandito 'tong babaeng 'to?! Bakit sila magkayakap? At talagang dito pa sa bahay ko?!
Biglang tumulo ang mga luha ko sa nakita ko, 10 years ago ng makita ko silang ganyan. Hanggang ngayon ba naman?! At sa bahay ko pa?! 
" ANG KAKAPAL NG MUKHA NIYO!!" Sigaw ko. Nilapitan ko sila at sinabunutan ko si Angel. 
" Tama na Alizon!" Pag aawat ni Jao, nakita kong lumapit si Kuya at pinaghiwalay kami ni Angel.
Inalis ko 'yong kamay ni Jao na nakahawak sa braso ko, hinarap ko siya at sinampal ng malakas.
" How dare you?! Dito pa talaga sa bahay ko?! What's wrong with you, Jao?! Bakit kailangan mong makipaglandian sa iba?! Alam mo naman na 2 months from now ay ikakasal na tayo tapos gaganyan ka pa?! How dare you?!" Sigaw ko sa kanya.
" I don't want to marry you! Napabusy mo sa trabaho mo! Hindi mo man lang ako naisip at  hindi mo na ako napapansin! And hindi ka na nagkakaoras saakin kahit na ikakasal na tayo, narelize ko na mahal ko pa rin si Angel!" 
Hindi tumigil sa pagpatak ang mga luha ko, ang sakit sakit na ng mga sinasabi niya. Sinampal ko siya sa kabilang pisnge niya.
" Get out of my house! " mahinahon kong sabi. Tinignan niya ako pero hindi pa siya umalis. 
" I said get out of my house!!! Bring your things, and I don't want to see you again! Isama mo na 'yang babae mo!!" Sigaw ko.
Lumabas ako ng bahay ko at sumakay sa kotse. Nagpunta ako sa isang park na nung college ako ay ayon na ang madalas kong puntahan.
Nagpunta ako sa favorite part ko ng park, ang garden. Maraming pinagbago ang garden nitong park. Mas marami ng decoration kumpara dati, marami na 'yong mga pumunta dito na nung dati ay wala namang tao dito. 
Pumunta ako sa may isang bench kung saan may isang puno doon na katabi lang ng bench na madalas kong upuan, hanggang ngayon nakaukit pa rin ang pangalan naming dalawa.
Napaiyak nalang ako ng maalala ko 'yong kanina, sobrang sakit ng ginawa ni Jao. Siguro kung nandito lang siya, hindi ako iiyak ng ganto. Baka mga ilang sandali ay tawanan ko nalang 'to, kaya lang wala siya dito.
Isang oras na akong umiiyak dito at para akong ewan dito, napatigil ako sa pag iyak ng may mag abot saakin ng panyo.
Napatingin ako sa kanya, it's been 10 years mula nung makita ko siya, at hanggang ngayon ayon pa rin ang mukha niya. Napaluha nalang ako ng ngumiti siya at sinabing 
" Sinabi ko naman sayo na ayokong umiiyak ka 'di ba?" Sabi niya.
Ang gangster na naging parte ng buhay ko. 
----* 
♥(TOKIYA)♥

"Tokiya!" 
Aku berbalik dan melihat gerombolan murid dengan seragam sekolah yang sama berlari mengejarku. "Ou, pagi Hisoya, Muraki" sapaku. "Pagissu!" balas Hisoya. "Berhentilah menambahkan -ssu! Di akhir kalimatmu!" Muraki menendang kaki Hisoya. 
"Yo, Tokiya, tumben sekali kau berangkat ke sekolah" tanya Muraki. "Ah, Nenek lampir di rumah menyeretku keluar dari kasur dan mengancamku, TIDAK ADA UANG JAJAN kalau aku tidak berangkat ke sekolah" Muraki dan Hisoya berjalan disampingku dan tertawa.
"Waaahh!! Kejamm!!" seru Hisoya menanggapi ceritaku. "Tapi ibumu melakukan itu demi kebaikanmu!" ujarnya lagi. "Sebenarnya kau memihak siapa?" Aku mengernyitkan alisku menatap Hisoya yang tersenyum konyol.
"Kurasa kau harus rajin-rajin masuk sekolah, sebentar lagi ujian dan kelulusan" Muraki ikut mengomentari. "Aku tahu itu! Kalian berdua cerewet sekali!" elakku. Persetan dengan sekolah, tempat membosankan yang menyita waktu berjam-jam itu sudah cukup memuakkanku. Masa bodoh depan ujian dan kelulusan. Kalau tidak luluspun aku masih bisa mencari kerja. Di dunia ini tidak semua pekerjaan butuh orang-orang jenius!!
"Geh!" Muraki berhenti bersamaan dengan Hisoya. Aku menatap mereka bingung. "Oi, ada apa? Kenapa berhenti tiba-tiba?" tanyaku. "G-Gawat! Komite kedisiplinan sekolah berjaga di gerbang!!" Hisoya buru-buru memasukkan seragamnya ke dalam dan menggunakan ikat pinggangnya dengan benar. Muraki mengambil dasinya keluar dari tas dan mulai memakai dasi itu. "Oi Tokiya! Kau harus melepas tindik telinga mu! Kalau tidak kau bisa kena hukuman bersama Moriyama!!" Moriyama adalah guru piket yang bertugas menghukum siswa yang melanggar ketentuan sekolah. 
"HAH! Jangan samakan aku dengan kalian. Siapa anggota kedisplinan yang berani menangkapku atau mencegahku masuk dengan penampilan seperti ini? Akan aku hajar dia sampai mati" Aku memasang wajah garang dan berjalan masuk ke area sekolahan, tentu saja harus melewati para komite kedisplinan yang berjajar rapi. 
Mereka tahu siapa aku, Ichimatsu Tokiya, murid kelas tiga Koutemae Koukou yang paling tampan, pemberani dan hah, berandalan. Tidak ada yang akan berani melawanku. Aku tidak takut dengan siapapun, mungkin ibuku seorang itupun karena aku membutuhkan uang saku. 
Karena itu aku dengan percaya diri masuk melewati deretan siswa komite sekolah yang mulai berbisik-bisik saat aku lewat. Lihat? Tidak ada yang berani menegurku bukan?! Hahaha!
"Ichimatsu-senpai" 
Tawaku berhenti saat aku mendengar seseorang memanggil namaku. Aku menatap seorang siswa yang tingginya sama dengan tinggiku atau mungkin lebih tinggi beberapa senti. 
Siapa bocah ini?
"Huh? Apa?" tanyaku dengan geram. Beberapa siswa komite lainnya terkejut dan menatap ku juga siswa yang menegurku.
"Senpai, nama senpai benar Ichimatsu?" tanyanya. 
"Huh? Siapa kau? Berani-beraninya menyapa lalu dengan tidak sopan menegurku huh?!"
"Narufumi Ryou, maaf untuk kelancangan saya. Saya anggota baru komite kedisplinan disini. Saya ditugaskan untuk memeriksa kedisplinan para siswa disini" jawabnya. 
Narufumi Ryou, katanya?
"Hei, bajingan busuk.. Kau anggota baru huh? Kau masih kelas satu kalau begitu huh?"
"Ya, semester ke-dua"
"Hahaha!! Anak kemarin sore sepertimu berani-beraninya menegurku?! Kau cari masalah huh?"
"Senpai, wajah anda terlalu dekat" ujar Ryou. Aku menatapnya terkejut dan langsung menarik diri darinya. "Huh?!" Ryou mengambil pulpen dari saku baju dan menuliskan sesuatu.
"So...out with the secret." He said calmly but I could sense the curiousity. He looked at me when I didn't answer and raised his eyebrow, hinting me to answer, which made him looked hotter, as if that was possible.
"What secret?" I asked. I was irritated. It wasn't my wish to be here.
"Why are you so....allergic to love?" He asked though he was looking in front. I was taking him in while my brain asked How did he get the correct word?! I did not answer.
"What is it?" He pressed upon and I couldn't help but get irritated.
"What is it to you?!" 
"Dumped by a guy?" He totally ignored my question.
"No."
"Got cheated?" 
"No!"
"Your first crush was your best friend's boyfriend?" He asked and then chuckled at his own question.
"No!" I was getting irritatedb beyond limits. What was in this guy which made him attractive as well as annoying?
"Your guy turned out to be a gay?"
"No way! Where do you get these theories from?!" I cried in annoyance.
"Well Quartza, you don't wanna know the rest." He winked at me and I was definately sure of that.
_____________________________________________________________________________
Emily Sky: Defination of Perfect thought imperfect. Everything she does is perfect yet she underestimates herself but the thing which makes her slightly dislikeable is her allegery to love. When everything around her is so...lovey-dovey she moves to her Father's place, she expects a better life. Less she knows that here is the turning point of her life.
Dylan: Definition of Hot, not just his looks. It's his personality. Girls don't know what hit them. Extra cockiness, Super hot attitude and heights of confidence. Making every girl fall for him, he is searching out for a new target and what is better than a girl who is totally against love? You obviously don't get that type of girls everywhere.
Read their story to find out if Dylan does get Emily because the chances are as equal to as an atom. (Sorry bad Comparison! :P)
Suddenly an awkward silence took over the room and we were like magnets attracted to the sudden beauty of the purple marble floor. 
''I really like you. Actually I've liked you for a very long time.''
Did he just say 'for a very long time' ? Da hell, I just met him a few months ago.
Hate. Hate. Hate.
''Hate was all that I had for him and I promised myself that I would never fall for him or someone like him again.''
You call these type of people 'players'.
Meet Arianna Byrnes. She isn't your average everyday model that consumes most of her time in facial massages and manicure. She's one hell of a dare-devil that occasionally she crosses paths with Austin Parker.
Austin Parker. Now where do we start ? The type of person that believes in 'making love' rather than 'falling in love'. Takes girls. Uses them. Disposes them off. 
But when he sets his eyes upon Arianna, what will come out of it ? And most importantly when he figures that they have a rich history ? 
Follow Arianna and her sarcastic, yet wonderful conscience on the journey of finding love after she lost all hopes of it.
Having shared a unique and memorable past, will they come to put together the puzzle pieces ?
- To unbaerable for the lovely cover
- To jameyrocks for being an amazing friend and supporting me.
- To Heyitsjustme18 for being my inspiration to write this book.
The official cast of 'Trusting Him'.
Austin Parker
Arianna Byrnes
cover by: @snow2019
Cover made by: @myfoxsaysmeww
Cover by: @makeshiftwords 
Cover by: @xthepineapplegirlx
© 2014 by bella_salvatore. All rights reserved.
It's as simple as, if you copy/steal/sell my story without my permission, you will be sued!
This book is fiction so if it is similar to any other books, that's simply coincidental.
A/N: Banners, covers, trailers, anything is welcome! Just specify 'fan-made.' This story is PG-13, so if you can't handle kissing and whatnot, then you shouldn't be on Wattpad.
Twitter: @glittertutu
Instagram: @bellacsanders
tumblr: bellalooovvee.tumblr.com
© 2014 by bella_salvatore. All rights reserved.
P.S. I totes copied @Crazy_Dominika's copyright page 'cuz I had no clue what to put. While you're wondering who this mysterious author of wattpad is, go follow her and read her books! They're ah-mazing!P.S.S. Wonderful cover made by @inevitxble !!
I have gone to the same school for the past three years I'm in year nine and am 15. My name is Alice Rosedale and I am a little. I am also pansexual and proud. My family don't know about either of those things and my friends only know about me being pansexual. I have never had a daddy nor a mummy and I have never been kissed. I'm inexperienced in basically everything. My friends are great there supporting but they all say that dd/lg and everything like it is disgusting so I hide it. I'm big around everyone I know and little when I'm alone which is almost everyday. Although my friends are great I feel like they don't like me. But that's okay because at least they don't hate me right? 
"Alice you have mail" my mother shouts from the front door as she walks in. I jump up and run to her grabbing the mail and saying a quick 'hi' and 'thank you' once I reach my room again I run to my bed and dive onto it lading on my stomach. I look at the letter. It is in a pale pink envelope with big black bold letters that says my name and address. Slowly I turn it around to see one of those old fashioned wax stamps 'cgl' it reads and I begin to get excited. I quickly tear open the envelope to reveal a pastel blue piece of paper with writing similar to the writing on the envelope. 
'To dear Alice Rosedale I am pleased to tell you that you have been accepted to the school of caregivers and littles. You will be expected to be at (address -to lazy to think of-) at 9am on the 28t of January we will see you then but for now have a great summer. from cgl' 
I read the letter several times before it sinks in. I got in! I can't believe it. "MUM" I yell getting up from my spot on my bed. "Yes Alice?" She replies looking at me from where she is on the couch. "You know how I said I applied for a school last month well I got it!" I say to her jumping up and down. A smile appears on her face and she congratulates me telling me to go pack. She knew I applied for a boarding school and was fine with me going I just failed to mention that it was a cg/l school oops... 
I run back into my room and pull out my navy blue suitcase from the bottom of my wardrobe. I look at my calendar and realise that I only have three days crap! I start to make a list of things I'll need to pack before actually packing because knowing me I'll probably forget everything necessary. I've done it before. 
' what to pack checklist - mr piggy- Lotso- Suzzy- Colours- 2 sets of pyjamas- 4 t-shirts - 2 pairs of pants - 2 skirts- 2 dresses - Blankey- Hair ties and hair stuff- Makeup bag filled with makeup- Bras and panties obviously' 
I write adding a few more things before decorating it and beginning to pack. I decided to not pack so many things for the reason that I will buy some more things and the website for the school said that they had clothes for us littles already there so I won't need much. But I had to bring mr piggy and lotso and colours and my dolly Suzzy because they are irreplaceable and so so so cuteeeee. Once almost packed I decide to finish it up tomorrow cause it is 11:19pm and that means I'm an hour past bedtime!  
A/n h-hi everyone I h-hope you enjoyed that chapter I swear I'll write more next chapter but bye bye for now don't forget to vote and comment and read my other book.
Today is one of those days where I wish I went to another school.
It's not like the popular girl bullies me, or I have a bad life, or God forbid I broke up with a boyfriend. I just feel as if I'm surrounded by idiots. Some days I wish I could wear a shirt that says I Hate You All, but I haven't found a shirt that says that yet.
As I walk down the hallways of Fairfield High School, I hear girls giggling over a cute boy, talks of last weekend's party, and complaining over how much homework someone had to complete. I roll my eyes. And let's not forget the cliché groups that stand in the middle of the hallway, chatting away like they don't have a class to get to in three minutes. As always I, being as short as I am, have a hard time pushing my way through the crowd just to make it to class on time. I actually care about getting to class before the bell rings and I actually care about getting good grades in my classes. I don't play any sports, so I can't depend on my athletic ability to get me into a decent college. I guess I'm considered a nerd. Labels don't matter to me though.
Not being acknowledged is fine with me. I just want to get through the year with no problems. I don't need best friends to gossip with and I don't need to be hanging on the arm of some guy.
I waltzed into my last class of the day, which was history, and prayed time would go by quickly. I'm actually not in the learning mood today. But class did pass by swiftly and I was thankful for that. My teacher Mrs. Clarke stopped me on my way out and handed me a book she thought I'd be interested in. After making a quick stop at my locker, I left the building and started to walk down the sidewalk. I never bothered my mom for a car since my house is within walking distance from the school and I never go anywhere outside of school.
I rounded a corner and opened the book Mrs. Clarke had given me and began to read the first chapter. When I heard footsteps behind me, I didn't think anything of it. That's when the footsteps increased in speed and sounded like they were getting closer. Before I could turn around to investigate, I was knocked to the ground and my book fell out of my hands onto the sidewalk.
"What the hell?" I exclaimed immediately. I frantically stood up and dusted myself off. That's when I came face to face with him.
Aiden Callaway, Fairfield High's known trouble kid, was standing in front of me and was looking around wildly. His eyes landed on my book, which was still on the ground. He hastily picked it up and shoved it into my arms. "Here." He grumbled.
I frowned. He ran into me and has the nerve to snap at me? I wanted to hit him as hard as I could with my book, but I figured that wouldn't help my situation. He wasn't someone I wanted to be acquainted with in any shape or form. His whole aura screamed antagonistic. So instead of hitting or yelling at him, I simply walked away without saying a word.
"What? No thank you?" I heard him ask behind me.
"Thank you." I said simply, without turning around. This ended up being a big mistake.
My shoulder was yanked back and I was facing Aiden yet again. He wore an irritated expression as he spoke. "You don't have to be bitchy about it." He said, scrunching his nose.
I scoffed. "I think I can. You're the one who ran into me and never bothered to apologize or ask if I was fine." The nerve of this guy!
He frowned slightly. "Stay out of my way next time."
"Or next time you can run around me like a normal person would."
"Like you would know anything about being normal."
"Excuse you?" I demanded. "You're being rude and just for that, you aren't a normal person either!"
He stared at me and I was immediately embarrassed by my lame comeback. Then he burst into laughter and I felt my cheeks heat up even more. "Wow." He chuckled. "You really aren't normal."
"There he is!" Someone yelled in the distance. I glanced around Aiden's tall figure and noticed two guys running in our direction. Aiden whirled around and saw them also.
"Shit." He cursed. He grabbed my arm and started to run.
I was running with him when I realized what a stupid idea it was. I tried yanking my arm away but his grip tightened and I couldn't release myself. "Let go!" I yelled at him.
"Stop struggling!" He yelled back.
A car halted in the street and the passenger side window rolled down revealing a guy wearing dark sunglasses. "Come on, Aiden!" The driver shouted.
Aiden yanked open the backseat door and I panicked. I tried once again to pull away from Aiden but I couldn't match his strength. He pushed me into the backseat and flung himself next to me. The car took off and Aiden rapidly shut the car door.
I sat up in the seat and started to breath heavily. I glanced around and thought of ways to escape.
"You need to calm down." Aiden said to me.
My fists then connected with his arm repeatedly. "Do not tell me to calm down! I just met you and you pulled me into a speeding car while being chased by two maniacs! This is practically kidnapping!" I screeched at him as I punched.
My small hands did little damage; he didn't even flinch. He laughed at me instead. "Relax. Those guys are gone."
"Who were they anyways? Why were they chasing you?" I asked.
"Just some guys I owe money to." He shrugged casually.
I looked out the window and saw that we were driving in the opposite direction of my house. I groaned and slumped into the seat.
^---Liana Liberato as Riley Summers---^
^---Trailer for Outcasts---^
Edited as of 7/14/15
Dakota Oswald, she's quite the oddball. Ever since she was a child her imagination ran wild and free, she's always been happy and smiley Dakota. Her mother is a 'retired' musician, (although she didn't have much of a career to begin with) and her father is a writer. So naturally creativity runs through her veins. 
Cody Myers on the other hand didn't have friends until Dakota came around. The more he spent time with her the more he came out of his shell and he to learned how to use his imagination. 
They both met during Fall. Dakota was new in town and lived right next door. Since then they became best friends. Until middle school came around, specifically the eighth grade. He stopped talking to her and eventually she gave up.
Fast forward to their last year in high school. Dakota thought it would be another normal school year, but Fate had different ideas. So did Cody.
Teen Clash TCDate Started: July 03, 2016Aired at: July 05, 2016Written By: LJayce3Editors:- Danikish- ShineRuales
Language:-Filipino-English-Korean-Japanese
Genre/Story types:-Fiction-Comedy-Drama-Action-Tragedy-Romance
***
This story is Public Domain. Which refers to creative materials that are not protected by intellectual property laws such as copyright, trademark, or patent laws. The public owns these works, not an individual author or artist, but no one can ever own it.
Remember, read at your own risk. There might be some part of the story that the characters are using some foul words. If you feel that it might've been really offensive, please forgive me.
***
If you wish to copy any of the characters, events, or anything that is included in this story, please try to ask me first.
Thank you.

"Go Lexi!" I hear my friends yell and me as I set off a bomb killing my brother. No I'm not a killer, it's a video game. Game over, Lex wins flashes upon the tv screen. "HOW?!" Brian, my brother yells throwing his controller on the coffee table.
I high five all 4 guys sitting next to me as my brother leans back into the couch crossing his arms over his chest. He is giving the tv screen that is still announcing my win a death glare.
"Pay up" I say opening and closing my palm in front of his face. Brian huffs and pulls a 20 dollar bill out of his pocket and slapping it onto my hand. He stands up and starts to walk out of the basement. "Bye big bro" I tease and he huffs once again and I hear his footsteps going upstairs to his room each with each step he grumbles and huffs words of frustration. With all that huffing he would be a great big bad wolf.
He slams his door causing some of my friends to jump. I laugh and the big muscular guy who just jumped as if a huge earthquake was about to throw him to the ground.
"Geez Will why are you so jumpy?" I chuckle. "I'm not jumpy" he denies. "Whatever you say" I sing-song.
I stand up and go to the kitchen while all 4 guys follow me. While rummaging my kitchen for food. "Guys I don't have food" I tell them. "Want to order pizza?" I say wiggling my cell phone in my hand. They all turn to me and nod vigorously like little kids who were just offered a lifetime supply of ice cream and cake. I laugh at the thought until I dial the pizza place. Yes I know the number by heart. Yes, you may judge me, what? I have very hungry people as friends. And maybe a very often hungry stomach. Either way, it's not that weird.
What savannah looks like^^
Savanah's P.O.V 
Ty, Brittany, and I are walking around new York for vacation and saying were excited doesn't even explain it. I wasn't really paying attention to where I'm going and I bump into a person. I looked up and saw the most beautiful person in the world. He's like a God or something he has to be. I snap out of my little day dream and said "I'm sorry." And walked away. My friends were laughing at me because this happens all the time for me. I laughed along with them because it's funny. I'm the clumsy one in the group as you can tell.
We continued to start our shopping. I'm not the person who likes to shop so I watched the both of them shop. Once in a while I find something I like so I pick it up in my size and put it in the cart. 
When they are done we pay for it and go to another shop and do the same thing. After we're done we get something to eat. After that we go back to our hotel put everything away and we all went to my room to hang out. We turned on the TV and the news came on and I saw the guy I bumped into on the news. I saw his name and my eyes bulged out of their sockets. 
"I bumped into the CEO of Kings corporation Nick King" I mumbled
"What?" Brittany asked
"I bumped into Nick King today" I said louder.
"What really? Savanah are you serious?" Ty asked.
"Yes I'm sure I saw him but I didn't recognize him and then right now I saw him on the news and I saw that he was the news and I knew I bumped into him." I said
"God I hope that he isn't mad that I bumped into him." I said worried.
"Yes I know he could ruin you." Ty said.
"Thanks Ty I needed that statement right now." I glared at him.
"Well we have to see but he doesn't even know your name." Brittany pointed out.
"Your right I never told him my name. Thank God." I said.
"Well guys I'll see you later I'm tired. See you tomorrow." Ty said.
"Yeah me too. Bye Savanah." Brittany said.
"Bye guys. See you tomorrow." I said and when they left I got ready to go to sleep. When I was done I went underneath the cover and went to sleep.
--(Riley's POV)--
After switching schools so much you eventually get used to it, to new faces, new places, same rules, same story.The only thing that changes about me is my reputation. Sometimes I am the new mysterious girl or the new anti social one or the new bitch or the new lesbian girl or the new vampire. I don't understand where did the last one came from.The point is that you get used to being out casted and hated. 
You eventually get used to it.
------------------------------------------------------
The sharp sound of my alarm filled my room.I groaned and with a good throw I made the little devil machine fall of one of the boxes. My room was full of unpacked boxes and empty boxes. There's no point in unpacking if in a month or two we are moving again. I sat up on my bed and I already missed it's warm. After all these years the only thing that I didn't let go, is my bed. It reminds me to a lot of things,this bed was always there for me. It hided me when I was on the run and covered me when I was scared. In other words:It kept me warm when I was cold.
I said farewell to my bed and started to search for some clothes inside the boxes. Of course I couldn't find any clothes,only books,CDs,guitar strings,posters,old tickets and movies. There were only three more boxes. One of them contains games and the other two my clothes.
I skip how I got dressed and how much trouble I had putting on my bra. Now I have a nice red strike on my back. I had my favorite black shirt on with the :"I am not perfect but I am limited edition",my brother's big army jacket which I claimed as mine and pair of ripped jeans which I stole again from my brother. Downstairs I found my coffee brown combat boots and my dad as well.
My father is a business man in his late thirty's. He is tall and handsome, intelligent and a real gentleman, everything a woman could want. At least a straight woman. My m-
"Riley,do you need a ride to school?"he asked behind his newspaper. Who thought some people still read those? Like that's why tablets were made for. But then again who am I to talk? I read books.
"No,thanks. I just take my skateboard,the weather is good outside."I smiled at him and went behind the kitchen island and grabbed my already made coffee. Me and father are pretty close not to mention my brother who's technically the heart of this family. After our mother died dad fell into depression,even tough they weren't together then,they were still friends and losing a friend is never easy. But my brother,I and Madison brought him back. After that we became closer than ever.
"If you say so. Don't forget that we have family dinner tonight, so be home by six."he reminded me. Every time we move we have a family dinner. Just me,dad and Madison and my brother via skype because he can't come home every second month to have dinner with us.But Madison lives here so she can have dinner with us finally."And remind Madison to bring her cat too. After all she's part of the family too."he added and smiled toward me. I walked over to him and gave him a kiss on the cheek then went to school.
-------------------------------------
The school was even bigger than I expected it to be. The gates were huge and there were a lot of people. I hopped down from my skateboard and put it under my arm. It looked cool. Maybe this will be the only place I would miss beside Hungary. I walked in the school and stopped by a little map on the wall. I took a photo of it and tried to find the secretary. 
After I got my schedule I went to my first class. It was math. I found my class what was pretty empty, considering that the bell already rung. I shrugged it off and sat down somewhere in the back. After waiting for two minutes I pulled out a book and started to write. The letters made words and the words together had a meaning and like this a lyrics was born.
Hey guys! Hope you'll enjoy this! A new cover will be posted tomorrow!

Copyright


Love you guys! Hope you can give this a chance! 
~ChasingMadness24
The Heartbreak Chronicles is a series, not a single story. This  Wattpad book will contain four stories, one for each member of the band (Oliver, Alec, Xander, and JJ). Each story will be narrated from the boys' potential love interest.

BOOK 1: THE HEARTBREAKERS - Oliver's Story [Complete]
This is the first book in The Heartbreak Chronicles series. It was professionally edited and published by Sourcebooks Fire August 4, 2015. You can purchase paperback copies from Barnes & Noble, Amazon, Books-A-Million, and The Book Depository (free worldwide shipping). E-books are available on most e-readers. Audio editions are available through Amazon and Tantor Audio. 
The Heartbreakers has been translated and published in Italy, Poland, and Bulgaria. It is coming soon in Germany, France, Turkey, and Spain. 

BOOK 2: THE QUEEN OF HEARTS - Alec's Story [In Progress]
This is the second book in The Heartbreak Chronicles series. It will be published by Sourcebooks Fire in 2017 under the title PAPER HEARTS.
Paper Hearts will be translated and published in Italy and Spain. More countries coming soon. 

BOOK 3: UNTITLED - Xander's Story [To Be Written]
This is the third book in The Heartbreak Chronicles series. It will be published by Sourcebooks Fire. 

BOOK 4: UNTITLED - JJ's Story [To Be Written]
This is the forth and final book in The Heartbreak Chronicles series. It will be published by Sourcebooks Fire. 
Hay y'all! This is my absolute first published book and I'm very aware that it will have a lot of mistakes but just bare with me till the end and I will fix most of it in the editing process.
Beep Beep Beep. My alarm goes of at 6am. I turn over on to my side and realise what day it is, September 7th which meant summer was now over and I had to go to school. I got out of my bed and got ready for school. 
I threw on a pair of lose shorts, and a t shirt. Our school was quite lucky. Unlike most schools in England, we didn't have to wear uniform. It wasn't a private school or anything, but you had to have a special talent to get into it. 
At 7:25 I left my house and walked to my bus stop. My parents always left early and I didn't have anyone to take me in. The bus arrived at half past and I got on it looking for my best friend Bella. 
As soon as I saw her I ran up to her and gave her a hug. She had been in America all summer so I had only seen her the first two weeks. We always had a lot to talk about even though she was quite different to me. She was into fashion, clothes and makeup. She would always set the new trend where as I can barely dress myself. 
I wasn't that much of a Tomboy really, it's just that I didn't take as much time on myself compared to the other girls at my school. I never really bothered straightening my hair or anything since it would just turn messy anyway. I never really wore too much makeup because it would come of when I sweat. I guess what was different from me and the other girls is that I didn't think it was all about looks. But hey how am I supposed to know.
The first words from Bella were "You've worn that top before!" Wow well done Bella... "Uh yeh I do have a washing machine" 
She rolled her eyes and I think she was going to give me a lecture about fashion but then she said "Well I've known you for seven years, you're  not gonna change now." She wanted me to take a bit more time in my appearance but she laughed at the end and I knew she didn't really mind. 
"So how was summer without me?"
"It was horrible! I mean, yeh I had the guys but I can't talk to them like I can talk to you." 
With me being on the cricket team and football team I was basically  considered one of the guys. I was on the netball team too, but I didn't talk to them everyday. 
All I really did in the summer was play cricket and play on the Xbox with my three brothers, Chris, Ben and Jake. Chris was the oldest, he turned 19 this year. Then there was me, I'm 16. My brother Ben was 13 and Jake was coming up 10. Even though I'm used to boys, three brothers is a lot to handle.
Before I knew it we arrived at school. Me, Bella and the other teens got off the bus and piled in to the school grounds. 
I looked around and saw all the faces I knew. They all thought they're were on some type of fashion show. Most friendship groups could be told apart by the clothes they wore. They all tried to colour co-ordinate so the cliques could be told apart. It didn't annoy me too much though because no group ever managed to last more than a week and after that they would wear different colours. 
There wasn't really a dress code at school either, so most of them wore crop tops and stuff. If I was a bit skinnier maybe I would have but I wouldn't have tried to show off in front of the guys like some of the others did. In fact I was actually quiet a shy person, despite what everyone thought. I always had a comeback which made everyone think I was loud and brave.
They were all talking, well shouting to each other, saying how great their holiday was or how much fun they had at a party or what makeup they wore for their summer look. 
Seriously, these people are so different to me. I didn't go on holiday as I was too busy with sport opportunities, I didn't go to any parties because 1: I wasn't invited and 2: I hated them anyway. 
I put my ear phones in and press play on my music. I often put my ear phones in to block out everyone else around me. Rejects by 5 seconds of summer was playing as I walk to my first class. So good to be back...
-------------------------------------A/N
Hey guys!!! Yes it's back!You may or may not realised that I unpublished this. It is now being edited for certain circumstances I can't really share. If you were a reader from the original book then I would still advise you read through because names have changed and there is a very slightly different story line. However most of it is the same so I hope you really enjoy this.
Thank you so much 
Please vote, comment, and all that stuff
Dee x 
P.s. The song at the top is rejects by 5sos :)
YO this is a warning for all of y'all going to read this story. This was written in 2011/2012 so it sucks butt. Slut shaming ain't okay, so don't do that aight. I've seen the errors in that. Also grammatical, spelling & overall plot errors seem to be very prominent.  so pls stop right now. stop. I can see you. you're still reading. guys. 10/10 would not recommend. 1/15/15
Prologue
 Brooke's POV
  It was the second day of Preschool and I already said goodbye to the nanny. She said I was going to have the best day ever. As I walked through the door, I was greeted by my teacher Miss Rose. After I stuffed my Cinderella backpack in my cubby, I made my way to the dollhouse where there was already a group of girls playing with the dolls. 
   "Can I play to?" I asked cheerfully as I picked up a Barbie wearing a green dress.
  "Eww! No," cried a girl with blond hair. After she answered the rest of the girls did the same.
  "Why?" I asked
 "Because, you're ugly," the same girl cried.
 "But, the dollhouse is for everyone to play with," I huffed.
 "Well, too bad," she replied.
 As tears formed in my eyes and I started to speak, I was cut off by a boy with brown hair and a pair of glasses.
 "Hey! She's not ugly! She's pwetty, and everyone can play here. But if she can't play here I won't eida (either)," The boy cried as he grabbed my hand and dragged me away from the dollhouse.
 "Hey! What are you doing!?" I exclaimed.
 "Saving you fwom the evil witch, duh. And you should say thank you," he answered. 
 "But-" I started, as he cut me off again.
 "Say thank you," He sang.
"Uggh, ok. Thank you. But, I didn't need help," I yelled
"Yea, you did," He shot back.
"No! I didn't. And who are you anyway, you weren't here yesterday," I said.
"I was sick yesterday," He started, "Oh, and my name's Zachawy, but I like to be called Zac."
"My name's Brooklyn, but everyone calls me Brooke. So you can call me that," I replied.
"Bwooke, I like it but it's hawd to say," Zac said.
"Say grrrrrr," I said confused about how he can't say " r ".
"Guuuu" He tried.
"Grrrrr" I said.
"Guurrrr" He said.
"Good, that's better," I stated with accomplishment.
"I think we should be friends," Zac said.
"Yea we should," I replied.
                                                       ---------------------------------------------
   Zac's POV
 Finally. school was over so I can show my new friend to my mom.
"Mommy!" I yelled dragging Brooke with me, "Look I made a friend," 
"That's wonderful," She replied.
  "Where's your mommy?" I asked Brooke.
  "She's not here, my nanny brought me here," She answered.
 "Oh, where's your mommy then?" I asked.
 "She's working in London. She makes clothes," She said.
 "My dad's in London too, he is the boss of a big company," I said stretching my arms out to show her how big the company was as she laughed.
 "I gotta go now, my nanny's here. Bye," Brooke said pointing to an old woman with gray hair.
"Ok, bye," I said while waving.
 ___________________________________________________________________________
 Ok so this is my first story I hope you like it and keep reading Please VOTE & COMMENT, I would LOVE to see if you like the story or not. 
  - Miss_terious
   
This is how it all started the story of one little girl and a billionaire. Now many would say that this is another cliche story of how a billionaire goes to adopt a kid. Finds one takes pity on the kid. As time goes they grow a bond and he changes himself, blah blah blah. She gets hurt/in trouble he saves her and they live happily ever after the end.
No that's not how the story goes. My life is anything but a cliche in reality it's far from that. Now lets get started. Back to the day I became an Orphan. 
*FLASHBACK*
May 8, 2008 (I was born in January 8,2004)
"Baby girl we need to go to the hospital, your baby brother/sister is coming," my dad said. 
During the time this was happening we were visiting London. Dad wanted to introduce me and mom to a few of his family and friends. Still I was like 5 and super excited. 
So my family of three soon to be four was on their way to the hospital. A block away from our designated location tragedy struck. An oncoming car hit our family car. The first one to get full impact was my dad, next mom, and finally me who got not that much of a hit. Just a concussion, and amnesia.
The ambulance arrived shortly and I blacked out. I woke up 3 weeks later. Yup I was in a coma. The amnesia was not permanent but since I was 5 they said I would get my memory back as I grew. Yet who knew they were going to wrong. I would regain most of it until something came my way. Something that now one would have guessed would happen to me.
After waking up social services came. From that day I left the hospital (2 days after I woke up) I was bounced from my dad's family homes to family homes until my grandma took custody of me. But that was a short lived accomplishment. She died in December of that year from a heart attack. So there I was alone, miserable, a poor little orphan girl that has been through so much but barely remembers half of it. That was until I was adopted. 
An odd adoption case. A billionaire and an orphan. Many do it out of the kindness of their heart. Others for publicity. But my adopter no he did it because he needed to mature. Yup he was a "playboy". WAS as I said but you'll see what I mean when I start the story. 
So let's begin. Let's start where we both meet, St. Mary's Orphanage. 
chapter zero 
S U M M A R Y :
❝One day your Prince will come. Mine just took a wrong turn, got lostand is too stubborn to ask for directions.❞
Nova Lockheart is sick of playing matchmaker between her friends.However, when her closest friends attempt to play a stupid game of cupid with her, and the arrow shot through Tyler Bradford's heart - the boy known for breaking them - Nova realised that her life was going to be changed forever. 
A fake relationship, a tonne of sarcasm, a little bit of sexual tension, and what have you got?
Nova and Tyler, the two who can only describe their 'relationship' as a hate ship, two crazy best friends, a matchmaker brother, and the help of Nova's cat, Meownce.
Copyright summercalling ©     Teen Fiction #7
S T A T U S :
Started December 16th - Finished 
[ all right's reserved. no stealing my work as I have put in a lot of effort to make this book and I'll kill you if you copy it :) © summercalling ]
[ dedication to an amazeballs writer (seriously jealous) wattpad lurves you ]

Copyright © 2016 Marilyn Donald. All rights reserved.
© Jojo B 2012All rights including those in copyright in the content of this story are owned by Jojo B All characters in this story are from my imagination and are copyrighted.Any similarities to anything else are not intended.Any violation of this shall result to maximum copyright penalties.Thank you.
" go away" I said with irritation lining my voice, not breaking eye contact with the bad boy in front of me."Come on princess, you know you want to" he spoke with an amused smirk on his perfect face."No I don't Nick! I don't know why you decided I'd be interesting, but I have no interest in staying and finding out" with that I turned on my heel and walked away.
Let me explain what just happened, but before I do, let me tell you a bit about me... Hi, I'm Ashley Greene, I'm 17 and currently live with my aunt and uncle in California and go to Jefferson High School. I'm of an average height with long blonde hair and hazel eyes and a good body. I'm not popular but I'm also not unknown, my best friend is Jessica Rice (I call her Jess) like me she's pretty and a good body, she has long brown hair and hazel eyes like me. She's a bit more popular than me but still never leaves my side, I love her like a sister.So let me explain why I stomped away from the top bad boy Nick like that. I was sitting in the English class before class started, drawing in my doodle book (nobody ever sees my drawings other than my art teacher) and listening to my favorite band, Panic! At the disco, when Nick, Jake and Alex come into the class, because it was lunchtime I didn't expect to see anyone let alone the bad boys, who as far as I can recall have never even been on time to class let alone early. Usually Jess would be with me but she had a practical to do in science. 
Anyway, I go back to drawing when I suddenly hear someone clear their throat behind me, I shut my book closed in a hurry and snapped my head back to see the disturbance only to come face to face with the bad boy gang, Nick standing a little closer than the others with a smirk on his face. Nick was tall with light brown hair, his tights shirt showed of his very built figure, he was definitely the more handsome of the three, though all were very hot. I looked behind him to Alex and Jake, Alex was roughly the same height as Nick and also had brown hair, but he was not quite as built as Nick was, but still very appealing. Jake was the shorter and skinnier, he still has muscle but no where near the amount that Nick and Alex had, he had blond hair and blue eyes. 
"Good morning princess" he said with a fake smile.My eyes widened in shock at this, not only was I terrified of them, Nick just called me princess, what was going on?Nick, noticing my scared look merely chuckled and said " yes Ahsley I'm talking to you" giving me a wink before carrying on "we have a proposition for you" wait, how did he know my name ? "yes an interesting one of that" it was Jake who spoke this time. I gave a small nod,  they all pulled up chairs and sat I front of me "don't worry ash, we won't bite" Alex spoke with a light chuckle in his throat. Nick started again "you have caught our attention princess, and that's not an easy thing to do. So we wanted to play a little game, a bet in fact" again all I could do as nod, still not knowing if I could talk to them, I mean they are the bad boys and nobody ever talks to them without their permission. Alex spoke again, pulling me out of my thoughts "we want to be your friends, and if by the end of the month you haven't fallen for one of us, or one of us some how has fallen for you then we will do something of your choice to add to this bet, however if you do fall for one of us you will have to announce your love to the entire school at graduation" my eyes had now grown to the size of saucers as I stare at each of the bad boys in turn, all of whom have smug smiles plastered on their faces, I can't do this, no I refuse I finally find my voice and give them a glare " no" they all looked shocked by this, a silence fell for a moment as they thought about my answer until Nick broke the silence "why princess? Scared you'll fall for one of us? Or maybe you already have fallen for one of us, which makes this situation very interesting" a smirk had formed on his face by the end of his statement. Some how I found my confidence and gave a smirk of my own "Baby, your ego needs to be taken down a few pegs there, not all girls are swooning for you guys, get a life and stay out of mine" I got up and left the classroom, I still had 10 minutes before class started, I could feel the stares I was getting as I left, I also heard Jake whistle and mutter something that sounded like 'damn the good girl is fiesty, you were right about her'
Half way to my locker I heard running behind me, I ignored it and quickened my pace a little, i was grabbed by my waist and spin around to face Nick, "go away""Come on princess, you know you want to" he smirked at this"No I don't Nick! I don't know why you decided I'd be interesting, but I have no interest in staying and finding out" I turned and stomped away.********************************Hey guysThis is my first ever book so please don't be to harsh on me. I will try and update once a month if not more but I can promise anything.By the way my name is Alison and I'm 15
"For the fifth time okay, I tripped and I accidentally punched him in the face... 7 times."
My mom obviously doesn't believe me because of the snort she does. "Nathaniel, I'm a lawyer, I know when people are lying."
I roll my eyes at her, "Don't call me that."
She takes her eyes off the road for a second, "I'll call you whatever I want, I pushed your 7 pound ass out of my vagina at 3 in the morning after a 10 hour labor."
It's my turn to snort, "Bitch, this is why you should've paid $1 for a condom."
My mom takes one hand off the steering wheel and slaps me in the arm, "Language."
"Sorry," I say in what I thought was a believable tone before she goes, "Lawyer."
I have to bear a 30 minute drive of her bickering to me about how punching people, even if they are dicks, isn't right. I disagree, but she's the lawyer and of course she wins every argument. 
Mom's a really good civil defense attorney and that's why she works at one of the best law firm's, Blackwell and Associates. We get out of my mom's BMW and walk up the steps to a really big building. It's Blackwell's main building. Blackwell has 11 offices in total, in many different states. 
The first thing you see when you walk into the building is a very pretty receptionist with a headset on. 
My mom greets the lady, "Hey Margaret!" 
"Hello Mrs. Adams. How is your day going so far?" The receptionist answers. 
My mom lets out a deep sigh, "With this one," she points to me, "a nightmare. He got suspended from school and last time I left him home alone I ended up with red cups all on the floor, broken statues, and unknown stains everywhere."
I laugh at the memory of the last party I threw. Man do I know how to throw parties.
The receptionist looked at me weird for a second before plastering on a fake smile. "Huh... interesting story Mrs. Adams."
My mom's heels click as she walks over to the elevator and presses the button for the last floor, number 10.
I look at myself in the mirror that's on all four of the elevators walls. My dark blue denim jeans fit nicely, while my grey cardigan fits snuggly over my black shirt. My cardigan opens like a jacket because it has no buttons on it, revealing the black shirt and the outline of my abs. I push my brown hair back, running my fingers through my hair to give it that messy look. I look at my eyes, the green shining in the mirror. Starting to playing with the hooks in my jeans I question to my mom, "So you brought me along to your boring job because you don't trust me at home?"
She smiles and flips her long brown curly hair, "Okay 1) Yes 2) I want you to get a taste of the real world. You can't go around punching people. You'll get arrested, not just suspended. And 3) My job is most definitely not boring."
I mutter under my breath, "bitch."
But by the slap she gave me I have a strong feeling she heard me. 
We get up to the highest floor and walk down a couple hallways until we reach, what I presume, to be her personal office. 
She walks in and takes her blazer off.
I lean at the doorway taking in her office. Pretty nice, except for the lack of beautiful pictures of me. There's pictures of me, her, and my little brother together, but none of my face singularly. I mean come on. Who wouldn't my face all over their work place?
"So have you ever had sex on the desk?" I ask her. She's single so hey, why not have a little promiscuous fun.
She looks up and smirks at me, "Couple times."
I immediately get grossed out. It's not like I actually expected her to answer. And I'm not even sure if that was an honest answer or not but truthfully I really don't want to know.
"Nate go get me stuff from the mail room," my mom demanded.
"Oh yeah sure I'll go get 'stuff' from the mail room. Is it right next to the 'thing'? Or is it by 'that'?" I say sarcastically. 
She starts typing on her computer on her desk. Without looking up she goes, "There's a box labeled Alexandria Adams on it. It's a big box, won't be able to miss it."
I huff, not really feeling up to physical activities unless it's sex. "Where's the mail room at," I ask her.
Still, without looking up from her screen like it's the most important thing in the world she tells me, "Straight down, 2nd to last door on the right."
I get up repeating the directions in my head. I get about half way down when some person comes out of a room and bumps into me, knocking coffee all over the other person. I look up to see a man with a little scruff growing. He has dark brown hair to match his brown eyes. And to match the brown stain all over his white dress shirt and jet black suit coat.
"Oh fuck, I'm so sorry," I exclaim at the main who looks very powerful and very attractive. He probably gets a lots of girls. 
Which is unfortunate because I'd love to fuck him.
The man just looks at me in shock, "I have a business meeting in less than five minutes and you decide it's the perfect opportunity to spill coffee on me."
"Well technically you're the one who walked into me." 
This just angers him more. "Do you know who you're talking to? Who are you? You're like 10. What are you even doing here?"
Any normal person probably would have been intimidated by his strong figure, even though he looks pretty young. 28? 29? 
"You're about 7 years off and my mom works here."
He glares for a second, "What's your mom's name?"
"Alexandria Adams," I say pretty proudly. My moms actually well-known and like I said earlier, really good at her job.
He stares for a couple more seconds, "I'm going to have to cancel my meeting and get new clothes. Come with me," he says and starts walking in the other direction.
Who does he think he is? I don't know why but I turn and follow him only to be surprised because he walks into my mother's office.
She looks up probably expecting it to be me but once she sees that it's me and the other gentlemen she stands up and starts to brush her dark blue pencil skirt with her hands. "Mr. Blackwell," she says, "What a pleasure, what can I do for-" My mom stops once she looks down and sees the wet brown spot on him, coffee mug in his hand, and me standing guiltily behind him. 
"Nathaniel," my mom says through clenched teeth, "Please don't tell me you spilled coffee on Mr. Blackwell's outfit."
I walk a little bit closer, "I could tell you I didn't spill coffee on Mr. Blackwell's outfit but that'd be a lie." What I say catches up to me though, "Mr. Blackwell? As in Blackwell and Associates? Cool, I spilled coffee on an important dude."
Both Mr. Blackwell and my mom turn to look at me and boy if looks could kill.
It's Mr. Blackwell who speaks next, "Look, I'm not gonna be rude about this. I have a really important meeting that I can reschedule but I just wanted to inform you on what your son has done and I hope that you will keep a close eye on him in the future."
Mom replies sternly, "I certainly will Mr. Blackwell." But the way she looks at him was interesting. Maybe they're have an inter office romance. That's oddly disgusting and adorable at the same time.
He nods to her, "Good work Mrs. Adams." He then turns to me and looks me in the eyes. We don't really say anything but just kind of stare at each other. Not in a threatening way either. More of an intrigued way. 
He clears his throat and walks away.
Weird.
<><><><><><><><><><><><><>(A/N) OOOOH new story! Alright my lovelies, pretty pretty please with a cherry on top vote, comment, and share.
X
-Emily
"You walked away Brooke!" He yelled at me. 
"I walked away because I wanted something better then what my mom had. I'm sorry if I didn't want to marry someone that sleeps with countless women and told me not to love him. You broke my heart, Jackson, not the other way around" I said and started to open the door but he slammed it shut and kept his hand on the door so I couldn't open it and get out of here. "Let me out!!" I said and pulled the door trying to open it but he pushed all this body weight onto the door making it impossible to get out. 
"No. Your not running away again until we talk, properly" he said and I turned around and looked at him. 
"What do you want to talk about Jack, huh? Tell me" I said sarcastically. 
"I want to talk about how you could get pregnant with my baby, run away and not come back when you had him" 
"I was 20 years old when I came back for spring break and got pregnant, I worked my ass off trying graduating from Harvard and then trying to get into Harvard medical school and I knew that you would either make me come back with the baby or you would just take the baby and I would be drawn back here anyway because of him. Not to mention you broke my heart Jackson, I didn't want to come back to you" I said looking at the floor. 
"Look at me" he said and I shook my head. He grabbed my chin and made me look at him for a second until I closed my eyes. "Brooklyn Skye Catalano open your eyes and look at me" he growled and I shivered at his tone, I slowly opened my eyes and looked him in the eyes and saw something that I didn't quite understand in them. "Your right, Brooke. I would have made you come back, even if I had to gag you and tie you up" 
"Charming" I sneered and he chuckled darkly. 
"Thanks, love" he said and I shivered again. 
Bye, Bye Virginity Announcement: 
YOU CAN NOW OWN YOUR VERY OWN PRINTED COPY OF BYE, BYE VIRGINITY. It is available on www.amazon.com I have published it through createspace, so if anyone is interested you can buy it from https://www.createspace.com/3589947 or copy and paste the link given at the top of my Wattpad Profile, under "About Me".
Bye, Bye Virginity
©Copyright Krissy Snifeld, 2009
Chapter 1
I walked out of the bathroom and began to slowly make my way down the narrow hallway. My hands were tucked deep into the pockets of my little pink pajama pants in an attempt to keep my fingers warm. The night air was chilly and as I silently made my way back to my bedroom I couldn't sway my mind away from the thought of sliding back under the warmth of my plush blanket. I was only sporting a tiny little black tank top and already I was starting to feel the goose bumps rising up on my arms.
The house was silent. The only noises were the sounds of the wind howling fiercely outside the window and my older brother's epic snoring echoing down the hallway. My parents were away for the weekend, gone on some major golf tournament, which left the house to me and my brother. Not that it was much of a surprise, being left unsupervised was the norm as my parents were hardly ever home. If they weren't away for golf then it was business or another vacation, either way they were really only home a few days a month.
Before they departed, they had left implicit instructions that we were not allowed to have any friends over. Naturally, my brother decided to rebel against my parent's authority and invite his utterly hot friend over for the night. I honestly didn't mind the eye candy and my parents would be none the wiser. Also, it didn't hurt that the guy was unbelievably sexy and one of the most popular guys at our school, Kersha High. I couldn't help but stare at him with quiet reverence and awe every time I saw him, even though he barely even acknowledged my existence.
As I reached my bedroom door I turned the knob and walked into my warm and cozy bedroom. My heart skipped a beat and my breath was caught in my chest as I realized there was someone sitting on my bed. It took me a moment to realize who it was as relief washed over me. It was only Damen, my brother's friend.
He was wearing a pair of black and red plaid pajama pants with a tight white muscle shirt. I could see every perfectly chiseled muscle through the thin fabric of his shirt, which instantly caused me to breathe in sharply. His tousled brown hair was about an inch long and stood up on all ends, indicating he had probably been tossing and turning in bed for hours.
Then suddenly the relief transformed itself into mild confusion. I mean, sure, I was relieved that it was Damen in my bedroom and not some creepy stranger danger crawling in through the window, but I thought to myself, 'what was Damen Hurtz doing in my bedroom?'
"D-Damen?" I stuttered as I took a few more brave steps into my bedroom. "W-what are you doing in here?"
And there it was, my very first words ever spoken to this demi-god, Damen Hurtz. Although Damen had been my brother's friend for years I had never exchanged any sort of verbal dialogue with him before. Hell, I'd never really spoken to any of the student body at Kersha High.
"I couldn't sleep," he finally replied.
I frowned, my eyebrows raised in confusion. "So you decided you come into my bedroom?"
"Well, I wanted to come see you," he answered quietly as he stood up and began to walk toward me. Instantly, I felt my heart begin to beat more rapidly and my palms begin to get clammy. 
"M-me?" I asked, still completely dazed and somewhat confused. I mean why would he want to see me? Damen was two years older than me and completely out of my league. "But why me?"
Prologue
I stood in the driveway of the house I thought I’d never return to. My heart was beating fast as I saw the cozy scene through the dining room window. I saw my father place a bowl of salad in the middle of the table and smile affectionately at my younger brother. My older brother scowled when my father’s wife, Sandra, slapped his wrist, stopping him from grabbing a roll.
I clenched my teeth and squared my shoulders, stepping forward resolutely, my heels clicking on the pavement. I didn’t usually wear heels because I was already nearly six feet tall but today, I felt like I needed the extra height.
My heart felt like it was going to beat out of my chest as I stared at the white door in front of me. Taking a deep breath, I raised my fist and knocked, telling myself not to run away as I waited.
Sandra answered and the pleasant smile that was on her face immediately fell to be replaced with a look of horror. “No,” she whispered, obviously recognizing me.
“Hey Sandra,” I said, pushing her out of the way and stepping into the house.
“Donald!” Sandra yelled, her voice shrill and filled with panic as her eyes followed my movement. I looked at the pictures on the shelf, lining the foyer. They were all pictures of the family but not a single one of them had a little blonde girl with slightly crooked teeth in them.
I ran my tongue over my now straight teeth. Braces had been one of the last things my father had ever got me.
“What is it, Sandra?” my dad said before he caught sight of me. His jaw dropped and a look of pain and anger crossed his face.
“Hey Dad,” I said, giving him a wide grin even though all I wanted to do was cry. What happened to the days when he looked at me with love in his eyes, when I ran into his arms and he lifted me over his head as I squealed?
“Corinna,” he breathed. “What are you doing here?” His eyes couldn’t seem to leave my face and his skin had turned a frightening shade of white.
I shrugged, running my finger over the shelf, inspecting it for dust. “I was just hoping I could stay for a little while.”
“No,” Sandra said firmly, crossing her arms and standing next to my father. “Donald, she is not staying here. She’s trouble and you know it. We’ve been through this before.”
“Corinna, I really don’t think it’s a good idea. Where’s your mother?” he asked and a muscle ticked in his forehead at the mention of the woman who gave birth to me.
I smirked at them. “That’s the thing. Mommy dearest is in jail.”
“Oh my god,” Sandra muttered, turning half away from me and covering her mouth with her hand.
“What happened?” Donald asked, obviously shocked.
I shrugged, my smirk slipping. I swallowed hard, ignoring the mix of emotions running through me. “Oh you know Barb, she got mixed up with the wrong people.” That was an understatement. I couldn’t even think about the shit she’d been doing lately without wincing. My mother had what you might call an addictive personality. She’d tried her first cigarette when she was 12 and had been chain smoking since. She had her first glass of wine when she was 15 and so on and so forth.
I’d gotten used to the drinking and the smoking but there were some things an 18 year old would never get used to. Police raiding your tiny house for instance was not something I would like to ever experience again.
“How long is her sentence?” Donald asked.
I looked him dead in the eyes, noting how much their dark brown colour with their golden flakes looked like mine. “Six years,” I said firmly and he cringed as he stared at me like I was an exotic animal that had been dropped off on his doorstep. “Don’t worry Dad, I just need to finish school then I’ll be out of your hair. I’ve already registered. I just need a place to stay for a while.”
I walked past him and into the sitting room that obviously no one sat in. The white couches were pristine and the TV had a sheen of dust on it. I felt fingers wrap around my arm, stopping my movement and I turned to look down at the small hand, watching as she hastily released me. Sandra cleared her throat, rubbing her hand against her shirt as if she’d touched something dirty. I raised my eyebrow at her in question, ignoring the stab of pain I felt at her action. “You can stay here for tonight but we’ll help you find another place tomorrow, right Donald?”
Sandra and I both looked at my father who was looking down at me with memories dancing in his eyes. Memories of his little girl who used to think he ruled the world, who used to smile at him with her crooked teeth and he would look down at her and call her beautiful.
His eyes went flat and he nodded. “One night, Corinna,” he said before turning to leave.
Good thing my heart was already in pieces because it would’ve definitely broken at that moment.
Ellie's Bucket List
1. Buy a new camera
2. Get a detention for rebelling in school
3. Find a signature perfume
4. Buy something from Victorias Secret
5. Join the Peer Support Leaders
6. Help someone as a peer support leader
7. Get a job at a coffee shop (or café)
8. Make a deal that you'd regret
9. Sing in front of a crowd
10. Stand in the middle of a bridge, high above the ground for 5 minutes
11. Visit Mustique Island for Break
12. Watch the sunrise over the sea
13. Go sailing
14. Go party at a school party
15. Take somebody you trust to The Place
16. Go on the top Empire State Building
17. Have Dinner at Paris themed restaurant
18. Donate money to the children who need it
19. Pull an all nighter
20. Get a pedicure
21. Befriend Bethany Perry
22. Make someone else's dream come true
23. Swim in the ocean
24. Watch 4 horror movies in a row
25. Eat at a fancy, posh restaurant
26. Go stargazing
27. Take up dancing: Ballroom dancing
28. Fall asleep on grassy plains
29. Perform a kind deed to at least 5 strangers with nothing in return
30. Have a sleepover
31. Do public speaking to over 100 people
32. Whip up the best meal ever made and serve to loved ones
33. Dance in the rain
34. Look at the most beautiful scenery you have ever seen
35. Say 'yes' for a whole day
36. Donate Blood
37. Fold a thousand paper cranes
38. Graduate happy

[a/n: Hello and welcome! Before you begin reading, I would like you all to tolerate a lot of the mistakes within this story. I have set this story in New York (for some unknown reason) when I'm from Australia. There are a lot of terms within this story that would not correlate with an average New Yorker, so please keep this in mind as you read (But strangely enough a lot of the terms here are British so I don't know where they came from. Wrote this story so long ago). 
I will change those terms and setting of the story but to avoid any confusion, I will have to edit everything separately before updating each chapter with the edited version. This will take a long time as I have, unfortunately, a very busy schedule. But I thought I needed to warn you all so you won't get confused.]
FLASHBACK...
Empat tahun pernikahan...
Shanaz menyeka mulutnya. Dia menghela nafas pelan setelah terduduk di depan wastafel. Matanya memerah dan mengeluarkan setetes air karena tidak tahan menahan rasa mual, di tambah lagi peluh yang semakin membasahi pelipis dan juga punggungnya.
Ini sudah ketiga kalinya dia muntah di hari yang sama. Karena sebelumnya dia juga sempat muntah tetapi hanya dua kali saja. Dia menarik testpact dari celananya. Menunggu beberapa menit setelah mencobanya.
Ini adalah testpack pertamanya yang dia beli tadi pagi setelah di antar Alvaro ke tempat kerjanya.
Shanaz membulatkan matanya saat mendapati dua garis merah yang terdapat pada kolom kecil di benda tersebut. Jantungnya berdegup kencang.
Dua garis merah...
Bagaimana ini ?
Dia keluar dari kamar mandinya. Berjalan pelan ke segela arah, mencari dimana keberadaan suaminya itu. Tapi saat matanya menangkap sosok pria tinggi tegap tengah berdiri di luar balkon menatap ke pemandangan malam kota Batam yang ramai.
Shanaz berdiri dari ruang Tv menatap punggung suaminya itu. Kemudian mendekatinya dalam diam.
"Var," panggilnya pelan dengan wajah yang pucat.
Pria itu berbalik setelah namanya di panggil lalu tersenyum kearah isterinya yang paling dia cintai itu. Setelah empat tahun pernikahan, rasa cintanya malah semakin membesar.
Shanaz adalah hidupnya, tanpa wanita itu, hidup Alvaro seperti tidak berwarna. Gelap atau bahkan hitam dan putih.
Alvaro masuk kedalam dan mendekati Shanaz yang menatapnya dingin.
"Iya ?"
Lalu benda kecil itu diserahkan pada Alvaro. Sebelumnya pria itu memandang heran kearah Shanaz. Tapi didetik berikutnya barulah dia mengerti apa yang membuat Shanaz terlihat kaku dan dingin padanya. Benda itu bergaris dua dan berwarna merah. Yang artinya Shanaz positif hamil.
"Kamu.."
Tubuhnya meluruh ke sofa, tangisannya pecah disaat itu juga.
"Akuh..takut, hueeeeee hiks." Lanjutnya.
Alvaro duduk di depan Shanaz, mengusap punggung isterinya itu agar tenang. Berbeda Alvaro, dia malah bahagia mendapati berita tersebut. Bahkan dipikirannya sudah terbayang sosok malaikat kecil yang akan menemani hari-harinya, membawanya bermain di taman, membelikan maianan untuk anaknya, atau membantu Shanaz membuatkan susu ketika tengah malam nanti saat anak mereka menangis.
"Kamu takut apa sih ?"
"Akuh belum siaphh di bilang!"
"Belum siap dari segi apa ? Aku udah kerja tetap, penghasilan juga cukup, apartemen juga punya sendiri. Kamu maunya gimana ? Kita beli rumah yang agak besar biar anak kita bisa main ?"
Shanaz menyeka air matanya, "aku takut nanti nggak bisa jadi ibu yang baik buat anak aku,"
"Kamu ngomong apa sih ?"
"Aku takut nggak bisa mendidik anak aku nanti."
"Sayang." Gumam Alvaro sambil menangkup pipi Shanaz, "kita didik anak kita sama-sama. Aku nggak bakal biarin kamu kerepotan sendiri, aku bakal ada di saat kamu butuh, aku bakal jaga kamu selalu. Kamu dan anakku adalah tanggung jawabku, aku nggak bakal membiarkan kamu kerepotan sendirian. Kamu maunya gimana ? Kita bisa bicarakan sama-sama ya, Sayang."
"Kalo aku jadi gendut gimana ?"
"Masalahnya ?"
"Ya aku nggak cantik lagi lah,"
"Memang aku peduli."
"Kalo aku males dandan gimana ?"
"Emang dulu pas SMA kamu pernah dandan ? Tuh buktinya aku masih mau."
"Kalo baju aku pada nggak muat terus aku pake-nya daster gimana ?"
"Nanti kita beli baju hamil yang nggak mirip daster."
"Kalo.."
Alvaro menghela nafasnya, "kalo, apa lagi ?"
"Kalo anak kita cowok gimana ?"
"Terus kenapa ?"
"Nanti sifat kamu menurun pula. Kamu kan dulunya bandel, nggak pernah mau nurut orang tua, kerjanya melawan guru, bolos, ngebully siswa, merokok di sekolah lagi."
"Kamu nggak lihat sekarang ? Aku udah berubah. Nggak apa-apa dulunya bandel sekarang udah tobat, dari pada dulunya alim tapi sekarang bandel, hayo pilih mana ?"
Shanaz tersenyum malu. "Nggak mau milih soalnya sama-sama nyebelin dari dulu sampai sekarang."

"Jah'nice! Get up girl , you gone be late" mama yelled from her room.
"I'm up mom!" I yelled back.
I got up , & did my daily routine before school, brush my teeth, wash my face, get dressed, do my hair ,ect. My mother, my brother & I just moved in this neighborhood, I guess you could say it was decent, we only came to be closer to my brother since he'll be starting college here. I'm still in high school, 11th grade , & barely making it.
"Mom , can I hold your high-waisted jeans?" I asked her coming into her room.
"Your legs too damn big for all that , so no"Mom said .
" great , so I have nothing to wear for my first day at this raggedly behind school you signed me up for." I said , with attitude.
" well I said , choose from getting your hair did or new clothes , you chose hair , so that's you nicey " mama said calling me by my child hood nickname.
" Junior !" I yelled walking in my brothers room.
" What girl ! " he said with an attitude.
" can I hold your Jordan sweats ?" I asked with a sweet voice .
" no, close my door & get out " he barked, rolling over to his other side.
" junior please , I have nothing to wear to school , please bro ? " I asked again winning a little.
" Fine cry baby, get them their in the closet." He responded .
" thanks bro , love you " I said getting the sweats.
" Yeah yeah, love you too , now out." He said pulling his cover back up.
I loved his sweat pants , I was already thick to be so short at 5''3 , these sweats just made me thicker , & with a tight fitted Jordan shirt & my Jordan shoes I'll be complete.
Once I was fully done getting ready, I walked over to our car & waited until my mama came out the house.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Wednesday, November 16, 2016
Dear Sydney,
          My name is Connor Hall and I was assigned to be your pen pal for my school project. I've never had a pen pal before, and I do think it is a bit old-fashioned, but communicating with someone from another state does seem interesting. I hope you find me interesting, and since I have no idea how to start this communication with a pen pal, I asked for some help. My teacher told me to tell you a bit about myself, so here goes.
1.       My name is Connor (Yes, "or", not "er"...my parents hate me).
2.      I am now realizing that you already knew my name.
3.       I'm 16 years old, and I'll be 17 in January.
4.      That was two facts in one. I do apologize for this list already being complete crap.
5.      I'm really shy, which is partly why this whole pen pal thing makes me slightly uncomfortable.
6.       I love soccer and basketball. I don't play either, but I do love to watch them.
7.       I play the cello in my school and county orchestras. I don't particularly like it, but my mom does.
8.      I like the color blue.
9.      I'm a junior at Langston High School. Go rams!
10.  I live in Richmond, Virginia.
11.   I really hope you aren't a stalker since I just gave you a ton of personal information. If you are a stalker, please throw this letter out.
12.   I have an iPhone, so I'm not about that Android life. Although I'm not really "with the times" on which generation iPhone is the best to have.
13.   I have a strong vendetta against Hollister.
14.   I'm incredibly superstitious and couldn't end the list on number thirteen, so this is another fact for you. The superstitious part is the fact, in case you were confused.
I look forward to corresponding with you for the next month. Please don't think too poorly of me based on this letter. I'm excited to find out some things about you! Your information doesn't have to be in a stupid numbered list like mine, though.
Yours truly,
Connor Hall

A/N: Hey guys! So this is something a little different; there will literally be no "normal" story-telling in this book, just told through the social media of the two main characters, and through the letters they write each other. Each chapter will alternate between the two; the odd numbered chapters will be from Connor's perspective, and the even numbers from Sydney's (for the most part...I have a few ideas for the middle of the book that might change that). I will be updating every Sunday except for today, when I will be publishing two chapters in one day just to get the story up and running and have everyone know what it will be like. Please share this story, and I hope that you guys will like this kind of story-telling! Leave a comment letting me know what you think, and I hope this works out! (Also, sorry if you got an alert saying I had published chapter 6--I was uploading it to my drafts and accidentally clicked the wrong button) The pictures do show up better if you are on a computer, but they will still work on mobile!
-Katherine
It was the fourth time I'd seen him. Same time, same circumstance, always on cue, it was becoming hard to keep it quiet, I was becoming way too curious, as well as suspicious.
"Let me guess, another bar fight?" I raised an eyebrow pulling on my latex small gloves to examine the damage in front of me.
He shrugged his broad shoulders smeared in red splatters of his own blood.
"Why when these bar fights happen, your brother is dragging you in by the ear to me and not the police?" I continued as he stared at the pristine white carpet, his head low.
"Cops aren't our thing" He shrugged, not giving a hint of answer to me as I placed a finger under his chin to raise his bloodied face.
I gave a sigh and began to clean up the dried and fresh blood sticking to his top lip and eyebrow. He didn't flinch, the episode becoming a habit of his, and the clean-up becoming a habit of mine. They weren't small gashes, they were large and the typical injuries I usually saw on drunken bar fights. But there was something about the way it all happened that told me things weren't as simple as they were described to me. I had my thoughts, my ideas as to what was really going on, but I wasn't going to say anything, yet.
"Thanks for doing this Eden, again, I owe you" His brother Jett spoke loudly with a sigh as he reappeared from the kitchen after a 'mandatory' phone call he'd needed to take.
I held in the need to yawn. It was only two in the morning, the air outside crisp and chilly in the middle of June. 
"No problem" I mumbled wiping blood free from the quiet man's face. I'd come to remember it in detail. He was three years my senior, his brother Jett a few years above. 
I would be eighteen come end of November, yet I always felt older seeing as I was alone in my sister's home majority of the time. 
She was an overseas business woman, which didn't leave a lot of time for a well-established sibling relationship.
"I really do apologize for the inconvenience of my brothers timing" Jett continued genuinely.
I gave him a small smile and pulled the gloves off.
"It's fine, seriously. Good practice for medical school" I told him, trying to ease his obvious tension. His tall composure was rigid, his knuckles tense and shoved under his armpits as he waited impatiently for the verdict.
"He won't need stitches this time" I informed him, taking a longer glance at his brother Phoenix's sliced eyebrow. My bloodshot tired blue eyes struggled to keep open.
Phoenix didn't say much, just like every other time we were in this situation. He sat still, his dark chocolate eyes on the ground, his broad muscled back and shoulders slumped over in an exhausted pose.
"Just, try and stay out of trouble. One more hit and it'll deepen and need stitches" I advised as best as I could. Jett slightly relaxed. 
My mind never could comprehend just how amazingly attractive both men were despite the strange destructive personalities they had. Both were tall, six foot, light brown caramel thick hair that seemed to always go uncut and unbrushed. They both shared the same intense brown gaze that always said 'don't make too much eye contact'. They were almost afraid of eye contact, afraid of anyone getting close. 
"One day I won't be here for these out of hours doctors' appointments" I told them as I stood and threw all the bloodied tissues and gauze into a plastic bag along with my bloodied gloves.
"Like I said, I... we, appreciate it" Jett corrected himself as he shot his brother a glare.
"Thanks" Phoenix mumbled as he also stood ready to leave as quickly as he had entered.









If you're reading this, that means you are giving my story a chance!
I know how to spell and I know proper grammar. Between autocorrect and how fast the words flow, mistakes happen. I don't need anybody pointing out those mistakes pre editing. I have not edited any chapters so take your negative Nancy comments elsewhere and get to stepping. 
Follow Quinn Hart and her classmates as they finally make it to the year they had been all dreaming of. Transition Year.
The intentions of this year is for self discovery and that's exactly what happens in ways Quinn did not expect but appreciated all the same. Some secrets are let out, friendships are formed, friendships are broken and romance blossoms.
For Quinn it all started with a kiss.
It was just a kiss on the lips to help raise funds for their Transition Year funds, right? There was no way that Violet Valentine had any other reasons to engage in behaviour such as that, right?
1. A Pretty Cold Day
2. The Social Butterfly
3. Pleasure and Torture
4. Set Sail to Island Deflation
5. Heed Wraith's Call
6. I Volunteer as Tribute
7. Big Bad Bro's Intervention
8. Embrace the Forbidden Love
9. An Assembly of Visitors
10. True Love's First Kiss
11. A Nun's Sinful Fantasy
12. Hostage Holding Cell
13. Fire Drills for Dummies
"Querido diario: pasó lo que nunca pensé que iba a pasar. Lo que tanto temía. El INNOMBRABLE cortó con la trola de la hermana de Paola y no puedo estar más confundida.Va, no está confirmado del todo pero casi. Supuestamente se lo contó Paola misma al hermano de Tati y después Tati se fijó en el face y hace como una semana que no postean cosas juntos. ¿Será verdad? No tengo forma de comprobarlo porque lo saqué hace rato de mis redes sociales y, como te prometí, lo estoy sosteniendo. Lo sigo teniendo bloqueado en facebook y lo saqué del whatsapp para no estar fijándome como una pelotuda todas esas horas en las que está conectado o desconectado. Me pasaba algo loco con eso. No se.. me dirás boluda, pero cuando leía "en línea" sentía que lo extrañaba menos porque lo tenía ahí nomás, acá cerquita. Después me acordaba de la cantidad de veces que lo tuve más cerca y no pasó nada y me vuelvo a cagar a pedos preguntándome "Ana, ¿Cuándo pensás superarlo?". ¡Yo juro que lo intento! Pero el forro no deja de aparecer en mi cabeza una y otra vez, más en esta época ¿Qué querés que haga? Como si fuera poco se corre el rumor de que se viene a la costa uno de estos findes. ¿El de carnaval tal vez? Me muero. Si viene en carnaval es obvio que yo estoy acá y fija que viene a Gesell. ¿ Y si me lo cruzo el sábado en Pueblo límite? No es una locura considerando que es la posta para el sábado, todos dicen que van a estar ahí... Uy, qué recuerdos. Ya fue no salgo nada. Ni en pedo me lo quiero cruzar, me arruino la noche. Va, ¿Me la arruino? Si voy a Pueblo y de repente entre la gente aparece él y se me acerca y bailamos como esa noche que nos conocimos, ¿es coincidencia o destino?. ¿Y si no estoy escuchando lo que la vida quiere que pase? Y si resulta que todo esto tenía que pasar para que volvamos a estar juntos? Basta Ana, dejá de pensar. Dejá que la vida te sorprenda... Pero por las dudas el viernes andá a depilarte."
***
"Ponés canciones tristes para sentirte mejor tu esencia es más visible, Del mismo dolor vendrá un nuevo amanecer."
Warning/Caution/disclaimer/you should probably, most definitely read this: 
The name of this story alone should tell you how cliché it is...when I say cliché, I mean cliché. I'm serious: think of any stereotypical thing that happens in all these wattpad books, and it's bound to occur at some point in this story...EXCEPT for the whole "being paired together for a project" (that's in my other book ;) ). Long story short, I wrote this years ago when I was 14 years old, so it's a little (a lot) cringey in some parts. And I'm not even going to get into how short this story is...That being said, I think it's still somewhat decent and good to read if you're looking for something short and sweet. If you're still willing to give it a shot after the cautionary tale I just laid out for you, I hope you read it just for fun and enjoy it! :)
One __________________________
"Lauren!" 
My mother's raised voice came muffled through the pillow I was hiding under. I made a few grumbly noises and smothered my face down further into my sheets, attempting to block her out. 
When it became clear she wasn't going to stop, I groaned and sat up. "What?!"
"It's time to get up. Do you really want to be late on your first day of school?"
Ugh...why'd she have to remind me? My mom and dad decided it would be cool to completely ruin my life by moving across the United States (okay, Montana to California wasn't really completely across, but still). Not to mention the fact that it was February, which means I'll be starting at my school smack in the middle of the year. 
"Mom," I groaned, hoping I could somehow avoid the horrible day sure to ensue. "You're torturing me enough by forcing me to move, now you decide to ruin my sleep?"
Her blue eyes widened at my response. "I've had enough of your attitude, young lady. School starts at 8:00 and it is 7:35. We have to leave in less than 15 minutes, so get going!"
One good thing about my new school, I supposed, was how late it started. Class had already been in session for about five minutes at my old school. 
I threw my comforter aside and tried to keep myself from throwing another annoyed remark towards my mom, knowing it would only cause me trouble. 
I didn't have enough time to take a shower, but luckily I had one last night. After shooing mom out of my room, I ripped open one of the boxes of clothes that were sitting on the floor next to my bed. Knowing me, I would probably be living out of them for at least a month because I was too lazy to unpack. I pulled out my black skinny jeans and a ruffled shirt that had a floral print, thanking the universe that some of my favorite clothes happened to be at the top of the pile. 
After throwing them on, I slipped on my black converse and headed to the bathroom that was down the hall from my room. I yanked a brush through my hair, which was luckily deciding to cooperate today, and did my makeup. Don't get me wrong, I like makeup, I'm just not one of those girls that packs it on. I lined my eyes lightly with some black eyeliner and mascara, barely remembering to swab on some lip gloss. 
I quickly ran back to my room and grabbed my bag for school. I didn't have much in it, just some notebooks, pencils, and my phone. I slung my bag over my shoulder and marched down the stairs. 
My twin brother, Trent, was sitting at the kitchen table, glaring at me. 
"God, Little sis, could you at least try to be ready sometime this year?"
Damon:
Half Vampire, you were in a car crash and you had vampire blood in your system. You were taken unconscious to the hospital, you died for 34 seconds but they were able to bring you back to life, using a defibrillator. That's how you are a half vampire, You age 1 year every 20 years and you can survive of blood and human food. You met Damon a few years after the car accident.
Stefan:
Human, you found out about the Supernatural world at age 14. He has sworn to protect you and will only turn you when you are ready to be turned. 
Klaus:
Half Witch and Half Vampire. You turned 52 years ago so you are still very young compared to others. He originally wanted to use you for his dirty work but then quickly fell for you and will always protect you.
Kol:
Witch, you come from a very powerful family which means you have a lot of responsibility, not that you care... He loves to help you with your magic and admires your abilities.
Elijah:
Vampire, you are 298 years old. You met Elijah at 72 years old, you only fell for him recently though. 
Tyler:
Werewolf. Luckily you have a moon ring which allows you to go through the full moon without transforming.
Matt:
Human. You recently moved to Mystic Falls and quickly found out about the Supernatural world.
Jeremy:
Human although you know just as much as he does on the Supernatural world. Your brother is a hunter, just like Jeremy.
Enzo:Vampire but you are only very young. You turned a couple of years ago by accident but you feel like it's the best thing that ever happened to you. Enzo thought you were human until recently.
Kai:Witch, like he did with Bonnie he wanted to use you for your powers. However after a while he fell for you and is now constantly jealous of other people talking to you.
Hello, fellow Yaoi/BoyxBoy lovers~
I hope you enjoy this. ^_^
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I tapped my foot in rhythm with the music. Avril Lavigne was awesome! I muttered, “All my life I’ve been good but now...”
I trailed off when I noticed who had just walked in. Oh dear god. Not him. Anyone but him! I looked around frantically for another cashier to take my spot but everyone was scattered around doing odd jobs. I ducked behind the counter in a final attempt. Maybe he would go to Mandy and hadn’t noticed me.
Mandy who was at the cash counter next to me, raised an eyebrow, “Rainbow Boy is having a panic attack? I don’t blame you. That boy is fiiiiiiine.”
I rolled my eyes and ignored her. Of course he was ‘fine’. He was Julian McHarden. Captain of the Football team, A grade student AND he was rich. Cliche much? Tell me about it.
Suddenly, I felt a presence peering over the counter. I looked up, right into his annoying gorgeous grey eyes. It wasn’t right that he had eyelashes that a girl would be jealous of. Yet, when he blinked at me and then grinned, my heart skipped a beat.
“Ken?”
I gulped. I hated the fact that his voice sent delicious shivers down my back. I heard Mandy giggle, “He had a problem. I’m ready to take your order, Sir.”
The way she said it made me think like she was talking about very different orders. I stood up and dusted my pants. I pointed to Mandy, “She’ll take your food order now, Sir.”
“Sir? It’s Julian, you tool.”
I tried not to smack him in the face. I knew who he was! The question was, what was he doing here? I cleared my throat and pointedly looked away. I could feel Julian staring at me and then he suddenly, I noticed his shoulders shaking. I looked at him and say him laughing silently.
I raised an eyebrow, “Umm?”
He pointed at my nametag, “Your name is Kenneth Kentucky and you work at McDonalds?”
I glared at him, “Would you like Fries with that?” It wasn’t my fault that my entire name was on my badge. I was the Assistant Manager since apparently I was a brilliant example to the other employees. Never skipping and always being punctual. That would be because I probably had nothing else to do. I might as well make some money in my free time. Plus, the steady crowd here helped me keep my mind off things.
He began laughing hysterically and I sighed impatiently, waiting for him to stop.
Suddenly, he stopped and then, putting both his hands on the counter, staring right into my eyes, he whispered, “I’d like Fries with you.”
My eyes widened as it slowly registered that Golden Boy McHarden had just openly flirted with me.
He laughed even harder when he noticed my expression though. I rolled my eyes, “Mandy, take over my counter please. Thanks.”
“Anything for you, boss.”
I turned to walk off but he grabbed my wrist, “Yo, Kentucky.”
I glared at his hand around my wrist even though on the inside, I felt like a Leprechaun who had just found a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. He let go off my wrist like it was on fire and continued, “What are you doing working out here?”
“What are you doing out here?”
“I asked you first.”
“First is the worst, second is the best.”
“It’s First is the best, second is the worst, dork.”
“How are you even an A Grade student? First doesn’t even RHYME with Best.”
“Well, if First is the worst, why the heck does everyone want to get first place, eh?”
I shrugged, “Beats me.”
“What? No comeback? I expected more from you, Kenneth Kentucky.”
I narrowed my eyes, “What is that supposed to mean?”
This time, he shrugged. “I’ve heard stuff about you.”
I smirked, “I could say the same.”
He’d heard about me? WHEN? FROM WHO? ABOUT WHAT? If he heard about the cheerleading incident, I’d die.
Suddenly, his phone began buzzing and when he checked the Caller ID, he said, “Sorry, I have to take this.”
Obviously, he did. It was one of his many whores, for sure. Being Golden Boy also meant he had all the ladies falling all over him. Who wouldn’t? I stared at him, noting how his Jeans hung low yet somehow managed to hug him in all the right places. His navy blue fitted Tee didn’t leave much to imagination but I liked it that way. I bet he had abs. He looked like he worked out.
Finally, my eyes made it to his face. I regretted it immediately because his grey eyes were twinkling with amusement at me. Oh no. He caught me checking him out. I immediately felt my cheeks going red and I stammered, “We-well. I gotta go now. Mandy! All yours.”
As I made a very rushed exit to save myself from any further embarrassment, I heard him call after me, “Kentucky! Red is a nice colour on you!”
I slammed the kitchen door behind me and slid to the floor. Oh for heaven’s sake. Guys like him just made being gay so hard.
I looked down and groaned.
That wasn’t the only thing that was hard.
-----------------------------------------------

Teehee, this is my first BoyxBoy. So tell me what you think! :D
Started With a Lie – Chapter One
 “Hey, Ivory, can you pass the orange juice?” Mom asks me, her hand outstretched.
“Here,” I say, passing her the container of orange juice. I continue to eat my cereal, but steal a glance at her.
I can never get over how she looks almost exactly like me—except a little older and a few more gray streaks in her hair. Her face has some paint splattered on it, and the apron she wears all the time has the fresh smell of paint. 
            My mom’s an artist.
            She spends ninety percent of the day in her studio—working on new masterpieces to help pay off the bills. Of course, I have a job too. I won’t let Mom do all the work. Especially not after my Dad passed away a couple years ago. Since then, all the bills have been weighed on her shoulders. But since I’m seventeen now, I can help her with a part-time job of my own.
            I’m proud of my Mom. She was strong even when my father passed away.
            She smiles at me and finishes her toast. After breakfast, she’ll probably go back to her studio. She only comes out for meals, or if I was home and needed her for something.
            I’m cool with it though. Mom loves what she does. Her green eyes—the same ones I inherited— twinkle whenever she is in her studio. If my Mom is happy, I am too.
            “So, isn’t today the first day of senior year?” she asks me, taking a sip of her orange juice. A golden curl of her hair falls out from her bun. She pushes it behind her ear. “Are you nervous?”
            “Yes, and yes,” I respond. I take a spoonful of my cereal and stare at it. My stomach really isn’t helping. It’s all jittery. It happens every time I get nervous. “Do you think I’ll be okay?”
            “Honey, you’ve survived the last three years—you can do it again.”
            “But this is my last year and I’m really nervous,” I tell her. Also because of all the drama last year, I secretly add.  
            She reaches over the table and pats my hand. “You’ll do fine.” Mom looks at her watch. “Look at the time! You’re going to be late!”
            I grab all my belongings—my backpack, sweater, and phone. I run from the kitchen to the living room of our small two-story home and slip on my sneakers. There is a small mirror next to the door that Mom had put so we could see if we look okay before we head out. It’s mostly because Mom forgets she has been working in her studio and has paint all over her.
            Since it is the first day, I am wearing a new top and a fresh pair of jeans that I bought on my mini-shopping spree when I had saved enough money over the summer. My frizzy, uncontrollable dirty blonde—almost brown—hair is straightened completely. But, no matter how much I try, my sea green eyes pop out compared to my pale—tan much needed—skin.
            “Bye, Mom!” I yell as I open the front door. “Don’t loose track of time and forget to each lunch!” Sometimes, I would come home and find Mom dazed in her work—just as I’d left her in the morning.
            “I won’t!” she yells back. “Have fun at school!”
            I close the door. Like having fun at school is even possible, I think as I lock the door. The air is chilly and the wind is blowing leaves off the trees in the front yard. I escape to the safety of my Honda Civic. Autumn is already starting.
B L U R B 

Ellie is just like every other normal eighteen year old girl in the world, except for one big reason. 
She's the daughter of Satan. 
And an immortal goddess in charge of managing suicide in the world. 
And she's been locked in the darkness of the Underworld for her entire life. 
So basically, her life couldn't get any more abnormal if she tried.
Ellie longs to experience life like everybody else her age, but for as long as she can remember her parents haven't let her travel up to the surface, and she's been forced to imagine the upper world through the stories her mother told and the books she read. 
Until, one day, her parents finally give in and let her go up to the surface to see the world through her own eyes, and her world explodes with colour. 
Then, just when she thinks her life couldn't get more exciting, she stumbles across a very particular green-eyed god; one who throws her perfectly organised world into complete chaos and shows her what it means to live in the light.
But what Ellie doesn't know, is that the Fates have a prophecy for her. A prophecy that she couldn't escape if she tried. A prophecy that has tangled it's gnarled fingers into the threads of her life, and may just throw the world into the darkness Ellie has spent her whole life trying to escape.

He's the son of Aphrodite, she's the daughter of Hades.
He's light, she's the oncoming darkness.
He advocates for love, she's the embodiment of death.
What could possibly go wrong?



Hey guys!
I am so goddamn excited for this book, and I hope you all are too!
Unfortunately, for all my Havie fanatics out there, this book will not center around them, but we will see glimpses of them throughout the story - and what they're like as parents! We'll also get to see more of Spenzie in this chapter, so I'm sure all my Spenzie shippers will be excited! (if you don't know who Spenzie is I seriously recommend you read Dionysus, you won't regret it ;) )
Instead, it will center around, and I am so so so proud to introduce her to you: Hades and Evie's daughter, Ellie! 
She's a pretty badass character, and we'll get to follow along her story and her adventures with...
*drum roll*
Eros... aka Cupid!
It's going to be awesome, it's going to be epic, and I can't stop bouncing with excitement!
Tell me all your thoughts in the comments, and let me know if you're all as excited about this as I am!
-Caitlin. x
J'ai toujours été persuadée que le lieu dans lequel se jouait une histoire n'avait pas d'importance. Pourquoi un premier rendez-vous serez mieux dans un parc en fleur que près de la benne à ordure d'un snack ? Pourquoi l'endroit symbolique de deux amoureux devrait être une falaise « pour réfléchir » et pas une simple plage bondée de monde les jours de soleil et pleine de coureurs les dimanches matin ? Pourquoi un premier baiser serait plus romantique sous un coucher de soleil qu'à l'arrière d'un bus scolaire ? Ce qui compte vraiment, c'est la magie qui se dégage des moments importants. N'est-ce pas ?                                              
Evangeline  
Je sortis de la salle de bain en m'attachant les cheveux. Mon frère, Carter, attendait, exaspéré, de l'autre côté de la porte.
« Bon sang ! Evangeline ! J'ai cours moi aussi ! s'exclama-t-il.
- Bienvenue au club ! »
Il soupira avant de pénétrer dans la salle de bain. Mon frère était grand, au moins vingt-cinq centimètres de plus que moi, blond avec des yeux bleus tirant vaguement vers le vert. D'un an mon ainé, il avait maintenant décidé de se comporter comme le frère le plus protecteur au monde suite aux évènements de l'année dernière, franchement inutile. Plutôt large d'épaule, puisqu'il appartenait à l'équipe de football américain du Twin Hills Middle School de Sébastopol, sa copine, Lindsey, devait bien faire une ou deux jalouses. Je rentrai dans ma chambre, me penchai sur ma chaine hifi et lançai "That's not my name" de The Ting Ting. Pas tout neuf, mais entrainant. J'ouvris mon armoire et regardai les vêtements. Je serais restée en pyjama toute la journée avec plaisir si je mon frère n'insistait pas pour que je sois présentable aujourd'hui. Je pris donc une paire de jeans, un simple t-shirt blanc et un long gilet gris. Je devais faire des efforts, pour mon frère. Ce qui s'était passé l'année dernière l'avait beaucoup plus marqué que je n'aurais pu le penser. Je me changeai rapidement et lâchai mes longs cheveux blonds ondulés. Je ne pourrais définir si j'étais jolie ou pas. Je me regardai dans mon miroir et jetai un coup d'œil à l'étiquette que j'avais collé dans un coin de celui-ci.
« Warning : Reflections in this mirror may be distorted by socially constructed of 'beauty' »
Ce n'était ni amusant, ni marquant. Je n'aimais juste pas ce que je voyais dans ce miroir. Je ne me plaisais pas, c'était aussi simple que ça. Ce n'était pas une question de me trouver belle ou pas, ou ce genre de chose, je n'aimais juste pas ce que je voyais. Mes yeux bleus n'avaient rien de bien spécial, c'est juste une couleur. Mes sourcils étaient plus sombres que mes cheveux, rien de spécial là non plus. Mon nez, ma bouche, mes joues, là non plus rien d'extraordinaire ! Finalement ce n'est pas que je me plaisais pas, je n'avais juste rien de spéciale. Ni jolie, ni moche, ni mignonne, j'étais juste un membre de la foule. La mille soixante-dix-septième habitante de Bodega Bay.
Bodega Bay était une petite ville située sur la côte Ouest à un peu plus d'une heure et demi de San Francisco. Comme je l'ai dit précédemment la ville en bord de mer comprenait mille soixante-dix-sept habitants, au moins quatre bars et restaurants mais aucun lycée. Nous étions donc forcés à nous rendre au Tomales High School de Tomales ou Twin Hills Middle School de Sébastopol. L'année dernière, j'étais à Tomales, mais suite aux évènements, je fais cette année ma rentrée auprès de mon grand frère à Sébastopol. Il y était depuis qu'il s'était fait virer du Tomales HS lorsqu'il était en quatrième et moi en cinquième. Je pris mon sac à dos noir et sortit de ma chambre et descendis en bas. Mon frère sortit quelques secondes plus tard de la salle de bain et dévala les escaliers en provoquant un vacarme assourdissant. Il lança son sac gris sur le tas de chaussures. J'allais dans la cuisine et récupérai mon portable que j'avais mis à brancher près du grille-pain. Mon père passa et déposa un baiser sur mon front.
A//N As for all the errors in this book, I will edit the book when I am finished. The main character's name is pronouced like a Venn diagram, but with a long A sound at the end. Vena.
*Think before you post a comment or send a message, because even though you can't see me, doesn't mean that what you say won't hurt me. Be kind to one and another and I promise you it will come back around*
Thank you, 
BWS❄️
__________
This has to be one of the most important days of my college years. They are just beginning. 
Classes start in a week and half from now and I'm freaking out. I'm choosing my new flatmate today, not because I want one, but because I need one. Who knew rent money didn't grow on trees? I want to live on my own in my new apartment just like I had been for the whole summer.
But here I am, waiting for my next applicant that is, in fact late.
I sit at the island in the middle of my kitchen while drinking my tea, thinking to myself whether or not I really do need a roommate. I've interviewed three applicants who have applied to be my flatmate. I'm starting college here in New York soon and I won't have time to work like I did in the summer. 
I seriously didn't want a flatmate but the owner of my apartment thought it would be a fantastic idea to raise my rent from $2000.00 to $3000.00, a month before school starts.It's not like I have choice in the matter. I am so screwed unless I get someone to pitch in. I need someone to help pay at least half of the rent.
I have interviewed three people; two girls and one boy. The first person I interviewed was a girl whose name is Lanelly. I know it's a very weird name. She is very weird, I must say. As soon as she stepped through the door I sensed it was not going to end very well, and I was right because she was the weirdest person I had ever met. She tried to take my socks and she licked my counters, telling me it tasted like cheese... If that dosen't say weird then I don't know what does. She's definitely a no.
Next was a boy whose name was West. By the sound of his name you would think he would be a laid back kind of guy, but that's the exact opposite of what he really is. You know those people who are terrified of germs? Yeah. He was is one of those people. I keep my apartment clean, and I hate mess so it's never messy, but apparently that wasn't good enough for him because he actually picked up a wash cloth out of the drawer (I have absolutely no idea how he knew where they were, but he did. Creepy much?) and washed my counter tops. 
Yeah, let that sink in. He is a creep and and germ freak. He is definitely another no.
The last person I had recently interviewed was a girl whose name is Laya. She was one of those girls who belongs in a sorority, but beside that fact, she is quite nice and seems like a person I could live with. I would definitely consider her.
At this moment in time I'm waiting for my last applicant whose name is James. I've never met him, but he seems nice according to his e-mails.
I look over at my phone and there is a message from Zeke sitting on the screen.
"Please call me, Vena. I miss you."
Zeke.
That name has stayed in my head since the day of graduation.
The day he broke my heart.
Zeke Camber is the name of my first love.
It was the day of graduation that he broke up with me. He had told me that day that he didn't want to have a long distance relationship, but I knew that wasn't the truth. Just one week before graduation I caught him making out with my good friend, Talia. It was heart-breaking because a month after he broke up with me and I found out that he went and dated Talia. Just the fact that he cheated on me tore me apart.
Salut !
Je m'appelle Bella,j'ai 15ans ,je suis plutôt grande 1m75,je suis blonde et j'ai les yeux bleu profond.Je quitte la maison de mes parents pour vivre en colocation avec mon frère Jayden ( Jay ) ses amis et sa petite amie-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------***Pdv Bella***
-J'arrive devant une grande maison (voir multimédia)je descend mes valises et frappe à la porte.Un grand brun au yeux bleu ouvre la porte il est torse nue et je remarque qu'il est très muscle il me scrute de haut en bas et hausse un sourcil.
??? : Jay ! Ramène toi c'est pour toiJe vois Jay arrivé puis me scrute aussi de haut en bas.Mais pourquoi ils font ça ?
Jay : Oh pour rien c'est juste qu'on à regarder comment tu t'es habillé c'est tout rentre.
Jay et son pote prennent mes valises qui, j'avoue était plusieurs et assez lourde, je rentre et je vois que l'intérieur est luxueux.ils finissent de rentrer mes valises et les monte au deuxième étage,ils redescende et jay me regarde alors que l autre s assoit sur la canapé pour regarder Esprits Criminel
Jay :Bella voilà Joshua et les autres sont parti en mission
Moi :ah ok,esq-
À peine je termine ma phrase que quelqu'un un ouvre la porte et je vois 3 garçons en colère et une fille en larmes. 
??? : J'en étais sûr on aurais pas dû l'amener avec nous mais non il a fallu que TOI Jayden tu nous oblige â l'amener !
C'est un grand brun qui à parler il me semble familier il tourne la tête et le voit 
??? : Bella...C'est toi ?
Mais oui c'est  Brayan c'était le bad boy de mon lycée et qui est un ''tombeur'' il était sortit avec ma meilleur amie avait coucher avec elle et l'a humilier juste après le salaud !
Jay :vous vous connaissez?Moi : Oh mais bien sûr c'était le BadBoy de mon lycée,le mec qui couche avec tout ce qui bouge !Brayan : Attends ! Comment tu m'as traité ?!Moi : Tu as très bien compris !
Il serre les poings et sa mâchoire se crispe je l'ai énervé mais lui aussi il s'approche dangereusement de moi. Et me donne un coup de poing en plein ventre je m'ecroule à terre mais me relève je lui donne un coup de genou dans ses bijou de famille ce qui le fais gémir de douleur mais pas longtemps il allait faire je ne sais quoi mais je me précipite de l'embrasser le pire c'est qu'il aime moi pas du tout j'en profite pour lui redonne un coup de genou mais il m'en à empêcher il lève la main pour me frapper et je ferme les yeux mais après un instant toujour rien j'ouvre les yeux et vois Joshua et Jay qui retienne Brayan mais assez difficilement.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey,
-Que pensez-vous de Bella ?
-La dispute entre Bella et Brayan va t'elle avoir des conséquences ?
-Surtout n'hésitez pas à commenter et donnez votre avis ça me ferai très plaisir !
The Boy who Broke the Rules. Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the author.
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
***
WARNING: 
Short chapters!
This is quite different from my other book Chasing Red. The Boy who Broke the Rules is Teen Fiction and Chasing Red is New Adult.
If you decide to read this book you will:-read about a very, very, very clumsy girl. -cringe in second hand embarrassment. Her very accident prone self and  no filter mouth might frustrate you or endear her to you or make you  burst out in laughter. -feel your ovaries explode because of Noah. You have been warned!Happy reading! :)
***
Hi, guys!
I wrote this story a looooooooooong time ago. I found it a few days ago when I was cleaning out my files and I remember how much I loved it. I hope you love it too. The chapters I've written need a whole hell of a lot of editing, and I'm rewriting almost all of them and adding more scenes and juicy deets.
Love,
Isabelle
Nina Dobrev as Shelly Anderson above ^^
This is my first book on wattpad and I would like to thank you all who supported me in writing this book. Hope you will enjoy reading this story..
This is the first chapter and I know it's not that great but if you stay tuned and continue reading it, I promise it will get better. 
And yeah, if you have come across my story and are reading it, please, do not hesitate to click on the vote button down there ( for some it's up, I think ) , so yeah, vote and comment your views..
I also believe that if you want to write a story, please, do write it on your own. Don't copy my work. I repeat, do not copy my work. Just be true and confident and write your own work. 
Follow on Instagram : InfinitePeaceXx 
Twitter : InfinitePeaceXx 
Happy reading and nice day peeps ..
•••••••••••••••••••••••
Shelly's point of view :-
I watched my mom cutting the cucumber into round slices and placing them onto another plate one by one. Like really, one by one! She is really weird. She likes everything in proper and ideal way. Same goes with her cooking style. She likes everything to be well organized. 
Since dad is returning back home from his business trip from Alaska, mom gave Linda two days off. Well, Linda is our maid, as well as my nanny since my birth. You must be wondering why do a 17 year old girl still need a nanny. 
Well, both my parents are rarely home. My father is a business man always travelling for his business issues while my mother is a fashion designer who has to give her full time to her models. So, eventually, she has to be present for every shows that she contributed to around the world. So, my parents wanted to assure that I would be safe during their absence. 
And here we are, my mom wants everything to be perfect for my dad. He has yet to come. 
"Mom, am bored. When is dad going to arrive?", I questioned my mom for the third time I think. I am being really impatient right now. You can't blame me. I am seeing my dad after a whole month.
"Shel, you have asked me this for the fifth time already and the answer is he will be here soon", she deadpanned and rolled her eyes at me. 
Gee mom. Don't roll your eyes at me. It makes you appear like my grandma. Seriously, if I had to spend a day with my grandma, I would prefer watching a scary movie than being lectured by my grandma about the 'sex talk'. You heard that right, my grandma is the most unbearable person on this earth. My mom always told me that I am just like my grandma and am like 'Go and get your eyes checked up'. 
What happens when the school's bad boy and the nerd are trapped in detention together?
A lot... probably.
EXTENDED SUMMARY
Rhea Myers had grown up listening to curious tales about how her parents met.  According to said tales, this wasn't just a one-time occurrence for their parents, either.  It ran in the family.  She'd always thought it was just that though; a tale, something they'd made up to entertain her. 
But when she started getting glimpses of her soulmate's life a week before she was to meet him, she realized that the stories that her parents told her were, in fact, real.
The catch about these glimpses -or the snippets as her parents called them- was that they were through his eyes.  Which meant all she saw was what he saw.
Would she be able to figure out who her soulmate was with the information she got from the snippets?  Did she even want to know?
Start: March 07,2015
End: November 12, 2015
A/N: Hello everyone.  I know I keep ranting about how busy I am with college, and I really am pretty busy, but here I am writing this new story.  The idea just wouldn't leave me and I had to write it.
I am pretty anxious to post this, because my stories don't usually get a lot of reads and I really, really want this story to be read.  So if you are reading this and you like the idea, please show some support by VOTING or COMMENTING.
Cover credit goes to my gal Sev (@beautlies), who is an amazing friend and my sole supporter when it comes to my writing.
This is a first draft, meaning there will be typos and grammar mistakes here and there. Also, the writing can be a bit choppy. I'll edit the whole thing when I am finished with the story, so please bear with me.
Ssup peeps, this is my first book written on wattpad-no wait the second, the first one kinda backfired so i deleted it.....
Anyway, this is my first time so please pardon any errors.
Don't forget:
FOLLOW
FAN
VOTE
COMMENT
SHARE
have fun ;)(; <3
The cover is thanks to et34984😊😊
Summary:
Mason Walker has always been referred to as the "Olympian" in his family. But now, he actually has a chance for that to finally come true. All the hard work he's put into track, and all the obstacles he's overcome, are finally paying off as he's considered to represent the United States in the next Olympics. Then, everything falls apart. One potentially career-ending mistake and his whole future shatters, causing him to have to re-evaluate his entire life plan.
But when Mason Walker doesn't quit. He's here to win.

This book is part of a series. This is the second book in the series, the order as follows:
1) Living with the Walker Boys
2) Here to Win

This is the Rewrite of Here to Win. I wasn't pleased with the original, so I took the time to rewrite it. There are subtle changes, but the basic plot line and ending are still the same.
It's your decision as to which version to read.

- Author PreNote - 
Hey everyone!
So, yes, you read right, this is It All Started With An Apple!  Again.  No. I'm not going to make you re-read the same exact thing that was on the other thing posted.  Blah.  That version sucked.  No offense to myself.
Anyway.
So, this is the re-written version.  I'm not going to say edited because it's pretty much what I did on the first version: wrote without really looking for the mistakes.
So, here's what I was thinking.
I want as many readers as possible to read this, keeping an eye for mistakes.  And then, when you comment, list the mistakes out.  Sure, you can do your regular, "hoorah!" comments (bahah that sounded weird), but I want to catch the mistakes and fix them.
So, here's what I want:
1. Tell me where you found any grammar/misspelling/pretty much anything like that mistakes.
2. Tell me what you think should be changed (style wise).
3. Tell me what you like!
Okay, so that's pretty much it! (: Welcome to the re-written edition of IASWAA! :D
Summary:
Samantha Evans.
A 17-year old girl in her Senior Year of High School. Stereotype says that she should be worrying about what outfit she's going to wear and what boy she's going to date, but Samantha has a different plan.
For Samantha, her Senior Year is all about proving that she deserves to be the Quarterback for Westview High School just as much as the next guy.
But as the season continues, problems arise and the pressure builds. And it's all on Sam to bring the Westview Polar Bears to another State Victory, no matter what.

This book is part of a series. This book is the first book in the series. The order is as follows:
1) One of the Boys
2) One Step At A Time

Please do not comment that my story is "similar to Catching Jordan". Once you get past the first chapter or so, you'll realize that my book is actually nothing like it at all. Just because two books have the same idea, that doesn't make them the same book. Thanks.

*Disclaimer: I wrote this book 4 years ago. I was immature and a different person. There are times in this book when the word "gay" is used as an insult and there are times when I seem like I'm against same-sex couples. I will eventually go through and edit this, but until then just know that I've grown as a person since then. Thank you.

Jakierah P.O.V.Bruhh Oh my fucking god. I miss my hoes. Its been summer and I ain't seen them. We texted all fucking summer and when I see them imma jump on em no fucking lie. Yea but my name Jakierah as you see I got 4 lit ass friends. I'm 15 and in the 10th. I'm a advanced student and my birthday June 25 so you know I'm Cancer ganngg. 
I have a cool personality. I'm smart, kind, funny, lit, active, and mean as fuck sometimes. I can't lie I'm mean as hell and I'm honest as fuck and I don't bite my tongue. So that cause problems. I got up at 5. School start at 8 but I live on the North and go to school on the West. We had moved after the end of my 8th grade year. So we go over to my old bus stop and the bus take me to school.
I got up and showered then brushed my teeth and everything bathroom related. I went in my room and put on lotion and babyoil. I hate these motherfucking uniforms but I hear that soon they gone stop. So I wore a white collared shirt and some khaki pants. I had the OVO 12's. Yass O copped em while everyone else tryna cop them Olympic 7's.
By the way I'm a sneakerhead. These shoes far from coming out in my state the don't come out till next month or so. I had my hair straight. I had in my gold studs and bracelets. I grabbed my Jordan bookbag and we all left. I was on my phone texting my hoes ya know I miss them. I love my friends I got out the car texting. I don't really say nothing to these children out here. I'd rather stay quiet till I get to my people.
When I got on the bus and sat down I was texting them dumies. What side y'all on???? I texted them they responded back giving me the info and I just scrolled on my timeline and was on Snapchat. When we finally got there I ain't waste no time getting off the bus. I walked over to them. "Jakierah! I know yo ass hear me. Can't speak to folks." I turned to the voice. I laughed. "Oh, I ain't hear you Hey Takhiya." I said and continued walking.
I went to Soffy and squeezed her super tight and jumped in her lap. After our little reunion we sat down. "Hey Byrd." Niccori said. Yea my last name Byrd and?? You gotta problem inbox me I'm the author. (Yass bitch this is me and my name) "Hey Hrobowski." I called her by her last name. "Hey Ms.Byrd act like you can't speak to folks." Jasmine looked at me out the corner of her eye. I laughed. "Cause you didn't say nothing to me, but Hey Jasmine." I smiled. 
Soon Anfiniti came. "Yass bitch! You here!" I side hugged her. Anfiniti my rider. We got the same characteristics in our personality. We both crazy as fuck and don't take shit from nobody. "Bruhh imma be mad if Bri don't come." She sighed. "Right I hope she was playing when she sed she wasn't coming last night." I would be pissed to not get to see all my bitches tonight. 
"Anyways where Aaliyah?" Anfiniti asked. "She said she was on her way." Soffy said. "You know her ass get to school late anyway. Matter fact this her on snapchat." I said looking at her on my phone."Her ass needa quit doing all that fa Snapchat and come on." Finiti said. I laughed. I saw Ms. Gresham our old math teacher. I really pray that she end up our teacher this year. 
She ignorant, and a liar. She will lie on the phone with yo mama in your face. All she do is call mamas and give homework. Her teaching method bad as fuck also. I ended with D! A D in her class I've never ever gotten a D in my life never even had an average C. She was unorganized with her work and I suffered. Because she let those children play behind her desk and they lost my test. 
We soon went into the cafeteria and Aaliyah came in. Anfiniti had got lost in the crowd I guessed because I was walking wit soffy. Right before we could go get our food. "Turn off all cell phones and put them in your bookbag this year there will be no associated on phones." They said. I sighed.
"Fuck nawl this year we can't have no phones?! What the fuck Bruhh they tripping. They should of just kept Mr. Vaughn here." I said. "Fuck that I'm keeping my shit on." Soffy said nonchalant. She don't play about that phone.After grabbing a pop tart and some juice we all sat together. "I hope they keep us together." I said praying we all were still together in AP cause I am guaranteed in there. 
[This chapter has been edited as of 1/1/14]
The rumor had spread about Jacob and I. Everyone who actually cares at school knows that we broke up. But that didn’t matter to me. If they wanted to gossip about this whole situation like the low lives they are, let them.
I walked through the hall with my head held high. I wasn’t going to let Jacob make a fool of me. I’m the bigger person in this.
“Did you hear? He cheated on her.” I heard most people whisper to their friends.
I wanted to tell them to mind their own damn business but that probably wouldn’t make things any better. It’s the last day of junior year. It’s supposed to be a good day for me. I have the whole summer to just relax and forget everything that happened this year.
Losing my best friend, having an all-out brawl with her, breaking up with my cheater of a boyfriend, and losing my parents in a car accident.
I am so ready for this year to be officially over with. I’m officially done with the drama.
~*~
Senior year.
I looked at myself in the mirror and smiled to myself. I had on a sheer aqua colored blouse that had small dark blue polka dots all over it. I had on a pair of dark jeans and some silver sandals. I had curled my long dark brown hair and it looked perfect.
You could say I changed over the summer. I got a nice tan that made my skin glow. My hair used to be shoulder length and I always just left it straight with a part down the middle. But it grew quite long and I started to curl it. I parted it differently to make it look nicer. I wear a little more make-up now also. I guess I matured over the summer.
Satisfied with myself, I grabbed my tan bag and headed downstairs. My aunt had left for work already so the house was quiet. I grabbed a bowl from the cabinet and poured some Frosted Flakes into it. After adding milk, I sat down at the counter and started eating. I glanced down at my left wrist and shivers went up my spine.
This stupid tattoo will always remind me of Jacob.
It was a heart and the infinity sign combined together. During the first semester of our Junior year, we had this crazy idea that we would get matching tattoos. I got this one, while he got the same exact one, but under his bicep.
“When you look at it, remember that it means I will love you forever. No matter what.” His voice rang in my ears.
Now it was just a reminder of how he cheated on me. He still has it, as far as I know. So it’s probably a reminder for him also.
My parents had been furious about me getting a tattoo without them knowing. I didn’t need their permission in the first place, since Jacob’s cousin did it for us. I will always feel guilty now. With my parents gone, I feel like I betrayed them. A couple of days after they found out about it, they got into a car accident.
I felt myself tearing up. This tattoo reminds me of Jacob and my parents.
And also that love doesn’t last.
*****************************
Sooooo….what did you think?
Like, dislike, loved it, hated it?
I know not much happened, but I promise there will be more going on in the next chapter.
-ThE_dReAmEr_10
Hi my name is Anna Burke and I've been bullied alot in school. I origally lived in Dublin Ireland and move to Wexford when i was 4. My Dad got offfered an amazing job and we moved to San Diego in America California when i was 14 im now 15 i was born in 2000 so i will be 16 on the 21st of december. I will soon be starting a new school which im not really looking forward to cause im scared people are going to make fun of my accent.
I have a few hobbies i scooter, dance and i dont really count this as a hobbie but i love to jump on trampolines.
Ive moved into the new house nicely and im now getting ready for bed beacause i have school in the morning.
My Dance Instructor's Assistant (story preview)
COPYRIGHT NOTICE. All events and ideas in this book belong to bettyboo125bo. All violators of this statement will be held responsible for any stolen material.
Chapter 1
"So you all think you have what it takes to be on this team? Out the 100% of you that try out, only 60% of you have talent. And out of the 60%, only 40% of you will make it," we were in the auditorium listening Mrs. Holt preaching to us about how most of us won't make it on the Trailmont High School's dance team. As you can plainly see, she's very considerate of our feelings.
I feel vibration in my pocket where my phone is located. I reach in and pull out my phone, ignoring everything Mrs. Holt is saying. See, here's the thing, I've already heard this speech last year. Yes, I tried out last year, and no, I didn't make it.
And it's not for the reason people are probably thinking, in fact, it's the complete opposite. Not trying to sound conceited but I'm an amazing dancer. I've been dancing since elementary school and I'm a senior now. The main reason I didn't make the team was because of Lisa Jenkins. She was the team's captain last year when I tried out.
Why she made it her mission that I will not be on the team? Well, I'll tell you. It's because at a party last year, we battled each other, and by spectators vote, I won. Yeah, she's a sore loser. Word got out that I was trying out, so she corrupted one of the judges so they wouldn't vote for me.
And by "corrupt", I mean sex. And by "they", I mean he. It was sad really, how she'd scoop so low as to sleep with a teacher just to win my discomfort. Who knew she cared so much. Mrs. Holt had told me that next day in class that she had voted for me, but she said that two against one was the final score. So, Lisa graduated last year, thank the Lord, and now it's my senior year and my chance to finally join.
Anyway, back to the topic. I answered my phone to see my bestfriend texted me.
Sophia: Hey girl, did you make it yet?
I giggle at her anticipation. She's been texting me every five minutes asking that same question. "Okay! I'll like to introduce my other two judges," Mrs. Holt announced. I sent Sophia a quick text saying it hasn't started yet. I followed everyone's gaze as they watch the door nervously.
Oh crap. In walks Lisa. What in the bluest of skies is she doing here?! She graduated last year! Shouldn't she be busy with college or something? She walked towards the judges table that was centered in the middle of the audience. She took the seat right next to Mrs. Holt, so that she's sitting in the middle.
When she caught my eyes, she snorted and threw her hair over her shoulder. Ugh, this is not good. I bury my face in my hands as I pray that God that can hear my pleas. All of a sudden, I hear gasp coming from the girls around me. My curiosity got the best of me as I looked up, only to be greeted by an unknown face.
Who's this guy? I ask myself. The guy, or should I say man, walked and stood at the end of the table by Mrs. Holt. He had his hands behind his back as his eyes scanned the crowd of anxious dancers. This stranger had brown hair that hung down his face, but not past his ears. His eyes are grayish blue which went perfectly with his tan. He's wearing a light grey t-shirt that didn't hug too tight, but didn't hang too loose along with his dark blue jeans. All in all, he wasn't half bad-looking.
"This is my nephew, he's going to be teaching here from now on and I asked him if he'd want to assist me with the team, luckily, he accepted," Mrs. Holt announced with a grateful smile on her face towards her nephew.
He gave her a small 'you welcome' smile back, which made dimples appear in his cheeks. "You all may call him Mr. Wilson," she added quickly as he took his seat next to Lisa. She was eyeing him hungrily.
Picture of Christian above
Aubrey p.o.v.
Silence. Silence rips through the room but the pounding of my heart is blaring in my ears. His icy blue eyes pierce mine from across the room as they make contact. I feel flutters of butterflies in my stomach as my heartbeat is bound to beat out of my chest. He pushes off the doorframe and takes two long strides towards me. Is that christian? No it can't be him. My thoughts are interrupted when I look up in the strangers eyes.
I can see the the thirst and hunger in his eyes as he reached me, the want for me. I want him too. He brushed my bangs out of my eyes and gently grabs my face in his hands and kisses me softly on my lips. The touch of his fingertips on my skin makes me melt inside. We stumble backwards until my back is pressed against the wall and he pulls our waist together and kisses me harder. I wrap my arms around his neck deepening the kiss. A groan escape my lips as I hear a beep in the background. We countiue to kiss as the beep grows more agreesive in the background.
Beep*
BEEP*
BEEP*
BEEP*
I feel his body turn to mist in my hands and dissolve in the air as my eyes flutters open and I'm buried deep into my covers.
"Crap!" I say aloud. I reach out of the covers to hit my alarm clock to shut it up. "It was just a dream, just a dream." 
"Aubrey get up you have school today!" My mom yelled from down the stairs.
"Ugh... its Monday already!" I say to myself.
I pulled the covers off my head and head down stairs.
"Morning Aubrey, want some breakfast?" My mom asked as I grabed the orange juice out the frige and sat down at the round table.
"Morning, yeah... sure" 
She walks over with a plate filled with bacon, eggs and toast. I begin to eat my breakfast when I feel eyes burning the side of my face. I look up to see my mom staring at me. 
"What?" I asked taking another bite of my toast.
"You've just grown into a beautiful young women." She answers. 
That's a nice thing to say at a werid time to say it. I think to myself
I looked up at my mom her pale white skin glowed as the sun from the windows bathed her shoulders. Her blue eyes sparkled as she talked about me growing up to be beautiful. She flipped her long blonde hair that ran down her back. If anyone should be called beautiful its my mom. I wonder why she ever adopted me. A little skinny black girl when she could have easily gotten a well fed white girl or boy even. She's been a great mom to me for the 12 years I lived with her. I finished eating and say 
"Thanks mom." 
I put my plate in the sink and rinse it off and head up stairs. I go into the bathroom and brush my teeth and wash my face. I look in my closet and grab some skinny ripped jeans and pair it with a crop top that says "oops!" And ankle high boots. I look quickly in the mirror. My brown skin glowed as I fixed my hair and put on some lip gloss. I'm not really one to put on make up it just isn't really something I like to wear.
I go and grab my bag off my chair and sling it onto my back and head down stairs.
"Bye mom!" I say as I close the door behind me.
Follow me on twitter: @aryesaaaaa || @beeyotchWP
//
Forewords:
Good Girl Gone Bad

I am a good girl..I don't start fights..I just finish them..
Dedicated kay Jam! Ang aking beloved cover maker! Love! :>> Follow me on twitter and tweet me your fave line! :> @beeyotchWP
--
Prologue
(Alys' POV)
"These are your books, and this is your schedule," sabi sa akin nung blonde na babae sa office tapos may inabot siyang papel. Naman, oh! Kakadating ko lang sa NY, tapos schedule na agad ang bumungad sa akin! Huhuhu. "And these are your keys," sabi niya sa akin tapos nagstart na siyang maglakad palabas sa office. 
Nandito kasi ako ngayon sa dorm. Ewan ko ba kay Mommy bakit dito ako dinala. Kasi naman, nasa Cali si Dane, nandito ako sa New York. So far away from my baby bro!!
"Your parents specifically requested for you to be rommates with the smartest kid in this building," sabi niya tas nagpatuloy siya sa paglalakad. Ang sama talaga ni Mommy!! Pero okay na din 'to, at least may magtuturo sa akin pag mahirap ang assignment ko. Advertising kasi yung degree program ko dito. Huhuhu. Mamamatay na ako. :(
Nagstop siya sa isang room. Okay naman sa building na 'to, malinis tsaka comfty yung atmosphere. 
"Oh, Kei's not around. Oh, well. Your things are already inside. I'll leave you now," sabi niya tapos iniwan niya na ako.
Pumasok ako tapos nahiga ako sa kama. Dalawa lang pala kami dito. Mabait kaya si Kei? Naman! Ayoko po ng masamang roommate, Papa God. Sana po good girl si Kei. Baka po kaugali niya si Kei sa SCA. Wag po!!
Inayos ko muna yung mga gamit ko pero syempre nilabas ko muna yung laptop ko!!
"Hi, Drake!!" sabi ko sa screen tapos nag wave ako. Hehehe. Wala pang one week na wala ako sa Pilipinas, sobrang miss ko na si Drake!
Nag 'tss' na naman siya tapos uminom siya nung banana milk niya. Ang adik dun ni Drake! Hmp! Ayaw niya nga akong bigyan kahit na nung aalis na ako. :( Ang meanie!
("Why are you calling at this time of the day? Shouldn't you supposed be sleeping or something?")
"Grabe ka, ha! Ikaw na nga namiss, ikaw pa galit!"
("I'm not mad. I'm just concerned about your welfare, Noob. It's ten in the evening there.")
=___=
Bakit pati timezone sa America alam niya?! Bakit ang genius niya?! Bakit lamang ng 40 points ang IQ niya sa IQ ko?! Bakit hindi ako matalino para sa Pinas pa din ako?! Huhuhu!!
Medyo nagmove ako pa gilid tapos kumuha ako ng strawberry milk mula sa ref. Huh! Akala niya! Sinabi na yata ni Mommy lahat ng need ko sa room eh. Kumpleto na gamit ko, ako na lang talaga ang kulang. Stuffed na din ng strawberry food ang ref. Love ko talaga si Mommy!
Ininom ko din yung Milk ko habang nag eenjoy siya sa Banana Milk niya. Kainis! Namimiss ko pa din si Drake kahit na kaharap ko siya!
"WHEREVER YOU GO, GO WITH ALL YOUR HEART." -- CONFUCIUS   
      DEAR AUSTIN, 
    I hope you know how much I hate you.
   You probably don't expect to ever get a letter like this, and I don't expect you to recieve it, but anything can happen. I've learned that way too many times for my own good.
    You're probably thinking why I started this by such a harsh greeting. We were in fact once caught making out in the janitor's closet, but that was in the past. It's the now, and now, I'll try to explain.
      Ever since junior high, you've been the root of all of my problems, my stress, my worries. I missed out on a good part of high school because of the time I spent wanting you, and when I finally managed to change the way you saw me, not just as a childhood best friend but to something more, I felt compelled to impress you in every single way. And that changed me without even realizing it. While finding you, I lost me. 
     You weren't the bad guy here; you were just the ignorant one. 
Lemme just state that you were the only boyfriend I'd ever had, but you were one of the worst mistakes out of many.
    But this isn't a revenge letter. More so, it's an explanation, or even, a 'thank you' letter.
   If it wasn't for you setting your sights on the almighty Patricia Willis with the enhanced body parts, we wouldn't have broken up after three bittersweet (more bitter than sweet) years. If it weren't for me seeing you two, more than together that night, I wouldn't have broken it off. 
   If we hadn't broken up, I would never had stayed up all night during that stupid overnight trip obsessing over you like the lame, hormonal girl I was.
And if we hadn't broken up, I would've woken up at the right time and not miss the bus back to California, that wouldn't have left me stranded on the other side of the country with nothing. Literally, nothing. Not even my toothbrush, which actually turned out quite well in the end but that's in another story - if I ever get back home.
But like I said, I'm not blaming you for anything -- at least not a lot.
Because if it wasn't for you being the root of all my problems, I would never have stumbled on the sobbing mess that was Elliot James, coincidentally the same long-lost crush from my elementary days - yes, the one who stole my first kiss, and the first boy I had the guts to punch in the first grade (and after this letter, you'll probably be the second.) In the wake of all the chaos, I found him. I don't know yet if I'm glad I met him. He reminds way too much of you, because you two are the complete utter opposites. 
     Sequentially, I would never have had to travel (in many different forms, I might add) across the country trying to get back home with the boy, back to you. Can you believe it? I still had the inkling of a hope that you might've been waiting for me, worried beyond belief because no one knew where I was or if I was even alive (well, except one person.)
      Were you? 
      I didn't think so. 
     I admit, while trekking across the United States, there were times when I wondered why this had to happen to me, above all the other unlucky souls. Why I just had to be the one student left behind, why we had to have such a forgetful and crappy chaperone who obviously saw nothing wrong with leaving behind one of their students a plane ride away from home. Why out of all the suitcases, mine had to be the one to mysteriously vanish. Why out of all the cars in the universe, ours had to be the one stolen in the middle of the night. Why we had to crash in a gas station and walk five miles in Tennessee, or almost get arrested (the first time) in Arkansas, or why I almost got mugged in Oklahoma. Why we had to have the absolute worse luck in the world. And why, out of all people, I had to fall for the boy who I knew I could never have.
      Need I go on? I should, the story's pretty awesome, I admit (until we landed ourselves here.)
     While I'm writing this in a jail cell (I already used up my one allowed phone call), Elliot is telling me to hurry. We don't have much time left. 
     But I guess that's where our story starts, and like every other, it always started with you. 
    Thank you.
-- Vienna 
P.S. Tell my mom I'm sorry. For everything. 
Sawyer Quinn suffers from insomnia. The only thing that will get her to sleep is someone in bed beside her, who will talk with her until she falls asleep.
Jesse Arminio suffers from I-Don't-Pay-Attention-In-Class. The only thing that will keep him from flunking out is someone willing enough to tutor him.
Which is how they meet.
Sawyer would have to be truly desperate to let some random stranger crawl into bed with her. But ever since she broke up with her boyfriend, she's had no one to talk her to sleep. So when Jesse Arminio approaches her and asks her to tutor him, in exchange for anything, she proposes her idea.
Jesse would never turn down a night in some girl's bed. Well, he probably would, depending on the girl. But with Sawyer Quinn, it's different. She needs him in her bed to talk. So that she can fall asleep. Under normal circumstances, he'd definitely turn her down. But seeing that he needs to graduate high school... Well, it's an entirely different story.
But sometimes all it takes is a little harmless pillow talk to create something that seems a lot like love.




All dedications go to my top voters/commenters. I really appreciate all the support you've shown me, and I definitely wouldn't be here without you. So thank you!
Some wiseass once said, 'Expectation is the root of all heartache.' Truer words had never been spoken. Just do me a favor and tell that to my father.
         He sat in front of me behind his massive mahogany desk in the dean's office where he oversaw all of Lexington Prep. He was talking—lecturing me, sounding like one of those adults from the old Charlie Brown cartoons I used to watch when I was a kid. As I sat before him, I did my best to appear interested. I gave an occasional nod or two, furrowed my brows to look deep in contemplating thought, and gave my best 'mmm-hmm' to whatever he barked out at me every so often.
         Truthfully, I was planning what I was going to do with the rest of my day once school let out. Or really, once my club meetings and other obligations ended. Being the son of the dean was a pretty weighty title. A lot of bullshit came with the position I was in, not to mention the shoes I had to fill.
         Blinking, I let those thoughts go. One memory was enough to ruin my day. Not to mention the calendar on my father's desk said it was Thursday, the worst day of the week.
         "We really need to boost up morale this year for you seniors," my father was saying. "Tap into Sawyer and see what ideas he has to get the students buzzing. Now that football is over, we don't want to lose pep."
         Sawyer Hailey was my best friend, and the student council president to my vice president.
         "Will do, sir," I agreed as I stood to my feet.
         "And another thing..." I sat back down. "This is your senior year, son, you should be thinking of what all you could do to stand out and build upon your résumé. The summer volunteering and schooling was fine, but we can't slack now. It's all about potential and legacy. College will be a breeze for you, but think about the Wall of Excellence and what mark you can leave on this school."
         The "Wall of Excellence" was just a corridor at our school where opposite the array of past dean and principal portraits were photos of students who had gone above and beyond while at Lexington, students who achieved more than required of them, enough to really stand out and be remembered for all time.
         My father had been riding my ass ever since my freshman year about legacy and potential. The Wall of Excellence wasn't a goal, much more a haunting mockery.
         Sawyer, now he was the model son, his legacy was already complete despite it only being the middle of our first semester. He was a shoo-in for valedictorian, our first black student council president and he was an all-around nice guy.
         Me, I'd been working my ass off to appease my parents from the start, yet it was never enough.
         I wasn't valedictorian material, but I was top five of my senior class, I worked alongside Sawyer and the student council and gave all of me.
There are five things that I hate:
   1.)    Arrogant Guys
   2.)    Guys who have girls falling at their feet and they proceed to use them
   3.)    Guys who assume everyone loves them
   4.)    Guys who ride motorcycles
   5.)    Strawberry Ice Cream
And Grayson Carter just so happens to be 4 of them. Even his name sounds like a celebrity’s: Grayson Carter.
The boy is everywhere; he lives down the street from me, he goes to my school, our mothers are even longtime friends yet he doesn’t even know my name, at least that's what I'm assuming. The only place I can get away from him is my part time job at the library and the day he comes sauntering in looking for a job is the day I just might go insane. 
I first met Grayson when my mother invited her longtime friend, Emily, who just moved back to town, over for dinner. Our mothers knew each other when they were in college and they eventually drifted apart, but not too far apart. On that same evening, I had the displeasure of having to sit across from Emily’s son, who just so happened to be my age, while our parents reviewed what had happened in the 2 years since they saw last each other.
We were five at the time and I’m pretty sure he doesn’t even remember that insignificant event; in fact I’m not even sure why I remember, maybe I just have a very good memory. He didn’t even bother to say ‘hello,’ instead, he just took a Gameboy out of his jacket pocket and proceeded to play Sonic. Being the mature girl I was back then, I just rolled my eyes and continued watching movies. Now, if that happened, I’d rip the Gameboy out of his hands and chuck it out of the window and then later, I’d retrieve it and smash it into smithereens with a sledge hammer.
That wasn’t the last time I’d seen him. We attended the same school for the next few years and we still are in the same school. We never talked. He hung out with the boys who played multiple sports and did pull ups on the monkey bars while I hung out with the girls who always had their heads in books. As you can see, we just aren’t similar.
During freshman year, I grew to hate him. Not only did he excel in sports and in academics, but he excelled relationship wise (or lack thereof), something I realized I was terrible at. I had only two boyfriends up until now. He had girls falling at his feet; some girls would stare from afar while I, the only sensible one, would glare from afar. It’s not like he ignores the girls, every time I see him, he’s charming one or another. During lunch time, my friends and I would hold back the urge to vomit while he locked lips with a ‘lucky’ girl. As you can probably tell, I would sit facing away from him. I choose to keep my lunch down, thank you very much.
He even has the audacity to wink at girls in the hallway, but only the pretty ones. His eyes skim over me and my friends. My friends and I don’t care, though. We find his acts of overconfidence annoying and agitating, or at least I do and when I talk about it, Sandra and Lola tend to agree (although they find him inexplicably attractive).
He also drives a motorcycle, he learned how from his father, who used to own a bike shop. I heard about how he got his driving permit at the age of 15 from Emily while my mother had the phone on speaker as we made dinner. I also heard how he got his official license a few weeks after his 16th birthday and how he even took a special test to be able to drive a motorcycle. I have my license, too, but he got his first- which isn't fair because I had to take the loud school bus to school while he drove with his friends. I remember when I missed the bus and watched as his friends laughed and hooted in Grayson's father's car when they drove past me.
Sandra and Lola find it odd that I know as much as I do about Grayson’s life, seeing as I hate the guy but I blame it on our mother’s close friendship. Even our father’s hang out every so often but it seems that we can’t get along. We have some things in common; we have no siblings; we’re both seniors; and we both have dogs. Actually, our families went to pick out the dogs together, I bet he doesn’t remember that either, even though it was more recent. In fact, it was only 3 years ago, when we were 14. They were graduation gifts for the 8th grade.
Sometimes, I feel as if I know a bit too much about Grayson and if we ever happened to talk to each other (highly improbable), I’d come off as a stalker, so I guess it’s good that we don’t talk to each other because the less creepy I come off as, the better.
That's what I get everyday. From my one and only beloved father. Note the sarcasm.
He pushed me against the wall in which I fell and he repeatedly hit, kicked, and scratched me. I felt like I would die.
He kicked me in my stomach causing tears to form in my eyes and a loud grunt from the air being knocked out of me.
He smirked from this, getting pleasure out of my pain. He loved it when I cried. It encouraged him to do more to me.
"Hmmm I guess that's enough...for now..." He said and kicked me one more time in the stomach before walking away off balance.
Drunk as usual. His girlfriend walked to the hallway and saw me laying on the floor, curled up in a ball and crying.
"Pathetic. Why don't you toughen up a little bit hun." She scoffed and walked past me. Her heels clicking on the diry floor.
She always wore slutty clothes, and was stuck to my dad like white on rice.
I climbed up the stairs grunting all the way up to my room. Feeling the pain go up my sides. I got there and I closed the door, locked it, and pulled the two chains I had attached myself.
This is the one place I have, to get away from the dreadful pain of my dad and the hatred of his girlfriend. I wasn't going to let him ruin that for me.
I decided to do what I do best and sleep.To me sleeping is a way of getting away from the horrors, heartbreak, and betrayal of this dark, cruel, evil world.
Don't know what got into me there...but it's the truth.
I layed down slowly in my bed holding my mom's picture to my chest and whimpering. It wasn't her fault that she died. It just made me so angry that she was gone. Her name was Claire McKingsley. She had kept her last name. She was murdered, all because of me, she was trying to protect me. I was seven years old and I watched her die right in front of me. From then on, my dad hated me, and made me pay for it by beating me.
He hurt me physically and mentally, while his girlfriend, Jean, hurt me insanely with words. No one cared about me. They actually said I could die for all they cared. So I tryed it, it didn't work. I can't do anything right. But from then on, I had started cutting. It made me feel numb, like I couldn't feel anything. And that's exactly what I wanted.
I decided not to cut tonight. I would just want to do more in the morning after my dad woke me, banging on my door.
We lived in a run down apartment complex in a bad area. Inside our apartment, it wreaked of alcohol and smoke from their cigarettes. The floor was filthy, and the kitchen was disgusting. The walls sweated, and had stains on them. There were also blood stains on the carpet from me, where my dad had beat me. The only place that was at least below decent was my room. It was neat, but the walls and floor were just like the rest of the house. And I wasn't allowed to clean it.
Both of them wouldn't let me clean. They said I would make it dirtier with my filthy body and personality. After a while of them saying it, I started believing it.
It was true. I was nothing. Was I really living? No. I was a human, breathing and existing. I was just a peice of trash with no worth. I was not living. My lifestyle was not living.
I put my mom's picture and put it on my nightstand. I struggled to turn and lay on my back, from the pain all over my body. I eventually got settled and closed my eyes.
I had drifted off to sleep, until I had a nightmare about my dad and his girlfriend. I stayed awake the rest of the night, crying about my dreadful life.
*****
I must have fell asleep again, because I opened my eyes to the sound of my alarm. Bummer. I woke up this morning. I slowly climbed out of bed, walking slowly to the bathroom in my room. The first thing I did was take out my razor and cut deep into my arm, cut after cut. I did it until I felt numb, then stopped, knowing that if I wanted a good life in the future, I would have to get a good education. That's what I wanted. For everything to be better in the future. I hoped to go to college, get a great job, and start a family. In a year, I could move out of this place and away from my dad and his girlfriend. But I had no where to go.
I got in the shower after stripping out of my clothes, and cleaned the blood off of me. I sat down in the shower, amd just let the hot water run on my body. Washing everything away.
After five minutes of that, I got out and tried to make myself look a little decent than what I did right now. I put on black skinny jeans and a white shirt that hung of the shoulder. I also put on some white converse. I brushed my hair in a sort of high pony tail, that went down to the very bottom of my torso.
I brushed my teeth and put a little concealer on to hide the bruise on my face. While I was at it, I used some powder to put under my eyes so I would look more awake then what I actually was, from the lack of sleep.
Jean buys me make-up to cover the bruises. I have a job at the cafe, so I bought myself eyeliner, mascara, barely noticeable eyeshadow, and lip products.
I barely used it from laziness and not feeling the need to wear make-up. 
I grabbes my bag, but dropped it from the pain that shot up my side and my arm. I sighed but it didn't help. It made it worse.
I slowly bent down to pick it up again and put it on my back. It wasn't big. More small and medium at the same time. 
I went down the stairs, and my dad and Jean were sleeping on the couch. I had to skip breakfast from the lack of food. I walked out the door, starting my walk to school.
After a full ten minute walk, I was at the school doors and walking inside. I walked to my locker to put some un-needed books inside.
I heard Lilly's heels walking toward me, and I turned around to look at her. Her blonde hair was over shoulder length and naturally in curls, with the help of a curling iron, they were volominous and bouncy. Her body was amazing and she barely wore any make-up. To top it all off, she was nice but in a rude kind of way. She was smart and bold.
"Something happened again." She lokked in my eyes as I stared back. Lilly knew what happened when I was home. I told her not to worry about it, but she did anyway.
"Just the regular beatings." I closed my locker and started to walk to math class.
"Why can't you live with me? You are not safe living there with your abusive dad, and his slutty girlfriend." She threw her hands in the air as she stood outside the class door.
"I know Lilly. It will be all over when I'm 18, and able to move out." I opened the door and walked in. "See ya later Lilly." I waved and fake smiled again waving.
"Bye." She walked away to her english class and I sat down slowly at the back of the class waiting for it to start.
I noticed four guys in black sitting right in front of me and I frowned. I had never seen them here before. Their feet were propped up on the desks and they were just...chilling. One must have felt my intense stare on them and he turned around to face me. He was...goregous.
"Hey." His voice was husky. With his good looks and husky voice, I was speechless.
"H-hey." I stuttered and he chuckled casually.
"Am I blockimg your view?" He gestured to the board.
I shoomed my head and he tuened back around, talking to his friends.
The rest seemed to pay me no mind. I payed attention to the teacher as she started the class with a pop quiz.

Having famous parents can come with quite the repercussions.
Especially when your parents can literally be defined as the clichéd 'perfect match made in heaven.' Granted, it was rather impractical for me, their daughter, to admit, but even I had no other way to describe the way my parents met.
Okay, maybe not necessarily "fashion," but definitely shopping. 
And a strange interest in a painting of a beaver doing a handstand.
Anyways, the point is, I hear the same story about them over and over again, and even seventeen years later and having me, they're still the happiest they could be. Travelling the world, making various connections, and working along with famous people; the Chambers name belonged to the two of them alright.
I was just their daughter, Avelyn Chambers. The one that the public rarely knew about; the girl that had to constantly transfer to school, after school, after school due to her parents work worldwide; the girl that stayed home all day without anybody to hang out with, spending her days drawing and crafting, and dreaming about a future filled with what she loved (which ironically was fashion too).
I was practically overshadowed by my parents' fame and due to that, I spent most of my days growing up at home with nothing better to do.
Until last year, I would have never discovered that such an amazing school existed. And how much I wanted to be apart of it.
St. Willow's High School was a rather popular school renowned for their excessive clubs and filled with countless people of elite backgrounds.
As soon as I heard of their club, Beauty 101, the only club in the entire school that could give one lucky person a full year scholarship to any fashion university or college they wanted, I'm not sure why, but I felt really compelled to go.
I didn't want to become famous thanks to my parents background— probably that's it. I didn't want people to look at me and say, "Wow, it's the Chambers daughter!" like they have in the past instead of recognizing me for who I actually am. And this was the closest spark I had to get closer to that aspiration of mine.
So, after a lot of begging and pleading, I finally managed to score myself a chance there. But only a year; my final year.
If I didn't get the scholarship, that was it for me. I had to come back to living the life I've always lived.
But that was the one thing I didn't want to happen no matter what.
Standing in front of the full length mirror propped against the wall, I fixed up my bleached blonde bangs one last time. As soon as I ran my comb through it for the umpteenth time this morning, I expected it to slide through with ease, but sadly, with my thick, curly hair, I had hoped for the impossible. 
Bakit nga ba tayo iniiwan ng mga taong mahal natin? 
Bakit kahit ibinigay na natin ang lahat ay kulang pa din iyon?
Bakit kapag nangako kayo sa isa't-isa ay isa lang ang tutupad nun?
Bakit tayo patuloy na umaasa sa mga bagay na wala ng kasiguraduhan? 
Bakit pa kayo magmamahalan kung mang-iiwan din naman ang isa? 
Bakit kailangan pa natin silang makilala kung di naman pala sila nakalaan para satin?
Why do I still keep loving him even though he hurt me so much? 
Why do we always keep blaming ourselves because of the decision we've made? 
Why is it so hard to be happy without him? 
Why it still so hard without you, Tj?
Why do I can't move on from you?
-----------------
WHY
Written by: Ms_Silencieux
Start: September 11, 2016 (12:04 AM)
End:
Hi there. If you've stumbled upon this story by miracle and somehow decided to read it, I would like to thank you.
But before you turn to the next page, I'd like to remind you that this is my first ever completed story in Wattpad and I can't guarantee that it'll be pretty throughout. There will be lots of grammatical errors, cliche story-line, rehashed dialogues/pick-up lines, annoying characters, cheesy scenes, and basically anything that may make you want to gouge your eyeballs out. I myself, am not entirely pleased with how this story came up to be. (And English is my third language so..)
But since other people liked it, I don't see anything wrong about letting you give this book a chance. So, if you really want to read it, go on..
But don't say  I didn't warn you.
-Trixie


 White fog obscured his senses....big, blurred shapes were moving around him....then came a new voice, a man's voice, shouting, panicking-
'"Lily, take Harry and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off-" The sounds of someone stumbling from a room - a door bursting open - a cackle of high-pitched laughter-
'''Harry! Harry....wake up...."
Lupin was tapping Harry hard on the face. This time it was a minute before Harry understood why he was lying on a dusty classroom floor.
"I heard my dad," Harry mumbled. "That's the first time I've ever heard him - he tried to take on Voldemort himself, to give my mum time to run for it..."

I swallowed dryly and turned the page, desperate to find out more. I had already read all the books and seen the movies, but reading them again never got old. My back hurt from sitting against the bookshelves, but I didn't care. I never did when I was drunk in love with a new book. I was reading the third book in the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter And The Prisoner of Azkaban. In my opinion, the books were way better than the movies. It was a thick book, and incredibly time consuming. But I couldn't help myself. I mean, it was sitting right there on the bookshelf, seductively calling my name with its torn purple spine.
I don't know how much time had passed. I suppose I should have gotten up and checked the time, so I wouldn't get locked inside the library. Books were my greatest weakness. The world could have been attacked by zombies, and I wouldn't have half the mind to look out the window. Anyone else have this problem?
My mother always said "I'd rather have my nose in a book than in someone else's business." I got my love of reading from her, I suppose. She passed away a few years ago. I did miss her, but what could I do? I couldn't go back in time and change what happened, unless a tall man in a bowtie with a blue box shows up at my door.
"Miss Warrens."
I glanced up, keeping my fingertips locked onto the page. Mrs. Agnes stood over me, a stern look in her eyes. She looked at her invisible watch and tapped her wrist, as if to tell me it was time to leave. I sighed and stood up, putting the book back where I found it.
"I shall see you tomorrow, Genevieve." Mrs. Agnes smiled, ushering me out the door.
"You will! Goodbye." I said, slinging my bookbag over my shoulder. She waved as I walked out. I put my hair up in a bun as I exited down the stairs and out the front double doors. As soon as I stepped outside, a whirlwind of leaves danced around in a circle around my feet. I zippered up my jacket and shoved my hands into my pocket. Winter was coming, and I was far too excited for snow.
Winter was my favorite time of the year. Christmas, snow, and hot chocolate. Not to mention that those damned mosquitoes could burn in hell for the next glorious 6 months. I walked quickly down the street, eager to get home. We had a dinner party tonight.
Last week, a family had moved into the house next to ours. The house had been abandoned and empty for a couple years. The last resident, an old woman named Gretchen, had moved out because she lived alone and said the house was far too big for someone like her. Since then, no one else had entered until someone brought it. I had yet to see the new residents, but I hoped they didn't have a dog.
I was allergic to fur, which sucks because....dogs....puppies....basically any cute animal, I couldn't stand next to for one minute before sneezing my nose right off.
I entered the house, shuddering for a second in the hallway as the warm air suddenly hit me. I immediately closed the door to shut out the wind, accidentally slamming it in the process. My step mother came out, dressed in unusually nice attire. Her brown hair was combed into a neat bun, and she had slathered on way too much red lipstick.
Copyright 2014 by Missii. All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of Missii.
If this story is plagiarised in any way, there will be serious consequences.
********************************************************************************************************
This is NOT a werewolf story!!! I really am getting fed up with people getting half-way through the story and then complaining to me that there are no werewolves and that I "cheated/ lied" to them. 
Yes, I have used names like Luna, Hunter and words such as alpha possessiveness- which some people seem to think that it is automatically linked to werewolves - but this story really has NOTHING to do with werewolves. There are people named Luna and Hunter in REAL life. I have a friend on wattpad named Luna! And I assure you, that she most definitely is not a werewolf. All the names I use in my stories I have chosen because I happen to like them. As for the words "alpha possessiveness", I used them to descirbe how Hunter is dominant (like an alpha is) and eventually throughout the story, he gets possessive. Alright guys? I didn't choose those names and words to "cheat" people into clicking on my story. I'm not that desperate. Besides, if this story did contain werewolves then it would be under 'fantasy'. Rant over :)
My story has been plagiarised 3 times already which was why I took it down. But now it's back up, because my bff convinced me (well it's more like threatned) to put it back up again. 
So for those thinking of plagiarising don't even bother. This story belongs to me. It's MINE. I don't want to see this story stolen and uploaded on another website. I don't get it, wattpad is free. You don't even need to sign up to read the stories on here. It's not like I'm only letting a select few read it so there is no need to plagiarise. Like I said, if you do get caught plagiarising there will be serious consequences. Please, If anyone comes across SL on another website inform me. There will be some verbal abuse thrown at you and as for the story, I don't know what I will do if what has happened repeats itself.
That's all I wanted to say :)  enjoy the story! :D
________________________________________________________________________
Chapter 1
I stood near the open class door, looking straight at the bald headed, big bellied, short Principal. Who was raving on and on about something. I really deserved a golden globe for my acting. If anyone walked past me, they would think that my first day at a new school was completely normal. When in fact I was shitting myself inside. It didn't help that the students were staring at me as if though I was a science experiment. 
I hated attention. Hated it. I never participated in any activities, never raised my hand up in the air to answer questions, never wore revealing clothes to catch the males eyes, never spoke out in class or made jokes. I preferred to stay to myself and mind my own business. I wanted to go through life with as little drama as possible. Especially in senior year high school. 
My throat bacame dry as I felt them scrutinize me with their beady eyes. They were most likely thinking "Should I classify her under hot or not", "Worthless or useful", "Possible friend or another stranger ", "A slut or a nerd". 
Rubbing my hands together nervously, I whispered to myself. "Look away, look away." My heart hammered inside me, the noise resounding in my ear. My palms started sweating and my body started tingling. 
Why won't they look away?! 
"Is that clear Luna?"
I cleared my throat discreetly and tried to maintain my cool. "Yes sir. It's clear." I answered him even though I wasn't listening to a single thing he had been saying.
After my mom died in a fire that changed my life I was sent to live with my aunt Anne and her son Bobby. We aren't really related but our mom's were best friends, and so were we.
Bobby and Anne used to live right next door to us up until a few years ago when they moved to Pennsylvania.
So here I was now pulling up to their little suburban house in a cab. The cab driver got out and started to take my bags out of the trunk. I could see bobby running down the steps to come greet me. He wasn't the nerdy little boy that used to play cops and robbers with me, he was tall and muscular. He had light shaggy brown hair, tan skin, and beautiful green eyes.
"Kylie!" he said as he hugged me tightly and lifted me off the ground.
"Okay Bobby I saw you 3 weeks ago at the funeral and I skyped you last night, put me down." I said with a halfhearted laugh, still hard mentioning the funeral.
"I know, I know. How you holding up Ky?" he said as he put me down.
"I'm okay I guess." I said not really wanting to talk about it.
"Here let me get your bags, my mom had to work the night shift at the hospital so it's just me and you tonight. You must be exhausted and starving, we'll order pizza." he said as he took the bags from the curb, and I followed him into the house.
"Okay sounds good." I said.
After a few hours of talking with Bobby I could tell he wanted to ask me something,
"Bobby is there something you want to ask me?" I said while taking another bite of my pizza.
"Well no its just I know you told me you were doing okay before, but your social worker told my mom about what you've been doing this past summer after ya know what happened". He said looking at me with concern
"After my mom died? Well I'm fine" I lied.
"It's just I've been going out more it's not a big deal." I continued.
"Not a big deal? I heard you went to bars and clubs, and would get so drunk, pass out and not go to your foster parent's house until the next day, so they would be worried sick about you."
"Listen its fine just drop it." I said which he accepted but I could tell that I would hear more about this later.
After my mom died I had to stay with temporary foster parents because I wasn't able to get out to Pennsylvania right away. So what bobby said was true, I went out and got drunk hooked up with random guys but it's what I had to do to keep myself from remembering...
After an awkward silence Bobby showed me to my room.
When I got there what first caught my attention was the big window, and the seat beside it, I knew that that would be where I would be doing all my drawing.
"Alright you must be tired, so I'll leave you alone now. Goodnight Ky." Bobby said
"Night Bobby." I replied back as he shut the door.
I stood looking at the room, taking all of this change in. I walked over to the window kneeled on the seat and lifted the window open. I could see the front of the next house and along the side of it that led to the yard. I also realized that this room was very easy to sneak out of. I could just climb down the tree that leans against my window, which would come in handy.
It was getting late and I still couldn't sleep. Not that I expected I would be able to. After the fire, sleep hadn't come easy. I got out of bed tiptoeing to the window that I left open from earlier. I got out my sketchpad, pencils, and sat on the window seat and started to draw whatever came to me.
Sorrisi baciando Samuel, stavamo insieme da quasi 6 mesi e stavo benissimo con lui."Ti vado a prendere il cornetto alla crema che ami tanto" sussurrò dolcemente approfondendo il bacio.La sua lingua cercò la mia è così ridacchiai allontanandolo."Siamo in pubblico Samu" lui sorrise roteando gli occhi, vidi Ethan entrare nel bar e così sorrisi andandoli accanto."Ciao" lo salutai, mi sorrise dandomi un piccolo bacio sulla guancia."Ciao piccola" mi salutò abbracciandomi forte a se."Amore, io devo andare" guardai Samu che mi porse il cornetto e misi il broncio e lui mi baciò."Ci sentiamo più tardi" mi salutò sorridendo e se ne andò via, mangiai il cornetto."Kim, dobbiamo parlare" esclamò Ethan, lo guardai confusa."Di cosa?""Di Lucas" lo guardai male."Non voglio parlare di tuo fratello, te l'ho già detto" esclamai roteando gli occhi, lo sentii sbuffare e così andai al bancone e ordinai una birra.Mi piaceva bere, non per sentirmi grande, mi piaceva e basta."Kim" mi girai verso quella voce e rimasi spiazzata."Lucas ..." Risposi sconvolta, mi sorrise e mi squadrò."Wow! Eri bella e ora sei più bella! Lo trovo impossibile!" Esclamò, gli tirai uno schiaffo e lui mi guardò sconvolto."Sei un pezzo di merda!"Mi guardò negli occhi e mi mancò il fiato in gola."Non puoi pretendere che tu venga qui dopo un anno e trovi come avevi lasciato!" Lucas si guardò intorno e mi prese per mano."Kim, non ho detto questo... Non pensavo che trovassi come avessi lasciato, solo che mi sei mancata""Tu no""Non è vero, lo so che ti sono mancato""Cosa ne sai?""Non lo so, ma so che tu mi sei mancata moltissimo" "Cosa vuoi Lucas?" Domandai bevendo, mi guardò confuso e si mise le mani nelle tasche dei jeans neri.Lo squadrai, era bello da mozzare il fiato, gli erano cresciuti i capelli, ma non troppo ... Aveva messo più muscoli e i suoi occhi celesti erano perfetti, aveva della barba .Mi morsi il labbro inferiore."Bevi?""Si""Da quando?" Chiese sorpreso, alzai le spalle."Ti importa?""Si""Tranquillo, non bevo per sentirmi più grande se lo vuoi sapere" lui annuì passandosi una mano nei capelli."Ti sono cresciuti" constatai, lui annuì."Si, c'era molto freddo in Alaska e così ci siamo fatti crescere i capelli" sorrisi annuendo e lui si morse il labbro inferiore, mi guardai intorno."Io devo andare" disse piano, annuii."Vuoi che ti accompagni a casa?" Chiese guardandomi, annuii."Sì certo" risposi e lui mi sorrise.
Il silenzio in macchina fu molto imbarazzante, ad alleggerire l'atmosfera fu una canzone dei Beatles.Lucas la cominciò a canticchiare, così feci lo stesso ma a bassa voce e lui sorrise."Che mi racconti di bello?" Chiese piano, alzai le spalle."C'è qualcosa che non sai della mia vita?"'domandai ridendo, alzò le spalle e rispose:"Lo so che posso sembrare un cretino, ma Ethan era l'unico che mi diceva qualcosa di te ..." "Tranquillo, stavo solo scherzando""Ah okay" strinse i pugni sul volante."Stai bene? Come è stato quest'anno lontano da qui?" Chiesi imbarazzata."Bello... Solo che è stato anche brutto""Come mai?""La ragazza che amo non mi ha mai risposto""Non ti dirò che mi dispiace Lucas""Lo so, volevo solo dirti che ti ho pensata ogni giorno. Eri il mio pensiero fisso" nascosi un sorriso e lo mascherai con un colpo di tosse."Sai, è stato molto difficile stare lontano da te""Ma lo hai fatto""Pensi che sia stato facile?" Chiese facendo una risatina nervosa."Non lo so""Già, non lo sai" sussurrò debolmente."Lucas, io sono fidanzata" lui annuì."Già .. Me lo ha detto Ethan" sospirai e lo vidi stringere di nuovo i pugni."Non ti dirò che sono felice per te""Okay""Okay?! Non mi chiedi nemmeno il perché io non sia felice per te?!"Sbraitò facendomi sobbalzare, accostò in una stradina e mi guardò negli occhi."Perché non sei felice per me?" Chiesi."Perché ti amo ancora" il mio cuore perse un battito e così lui rimise in moto, appoggiai la testa al finestrino.
"Siamo arrivati Kim" annuii slacciando la cintura e aprii la portiera, mi prese per un polso."So che mi odi, ne hai tutte le ragioni del mondo ma io ti amo e voglio che tu lo sappia" mi diede un bacio sulla guancia, annuii guardandolo negli occhi e poi scesi dall'auto."Ciao Lucas""Ciao Kim"
La giornata passò tranquillamente, Samuel non era potuto venire e così mi ero messa sul letto a guardare foto.Mi squillò il telefono, guardai il Display e sospirai rispondendo:"Ehi Lucas""Ciao Kim, essendo che sono le 22.00 e mi era venuta voglia di cinese ... Ti va se vengo a casa tua e si mangia insieme?" Sorrisi."Sì certo" "Apri allora, sto congelando qui fuori"Scoppiai a ridere e mi alzai dal letto, scesi le scale e aprii piano la porta.Lucas alzò la mano e mi fece vedere una busta piena di cibo, ridacchiai staccando il telefono e lo feci entrare."Ho portato anche un Horror""Bleah!" Scoppiò a ridere e andammo in camera mia, ci mettemmo seduti sul letto e mi porse una lattina di coca."Metto il film?" Chiese sorridendomi."Sì certo" risposi e lui lo fece, cominciammo a mangiare ed era squisito!
Non parlammo per il resto della serata, quasi alla fine del film lo sentii russare.Lo guardai e si era addormentato, gli accarezzai una guancia e lui mugugnò.Pulii la mia camera e levai il film, coprì Lucas e lui mi prese per un polso."Dormi con me?"Domandò piano."Non posso Lucas, ma ora dormi" lo baciai su una guancia."Farò il bravo, lo giuro" sussurrò dolcemente."Lucas per favore, non complicare le cose""Ti prego Kim, non farò niente ... Mi sei mancata tantissimo" sospirai annuendo e mi misi accanto a lui, sorrise e così mi accoccolai coprendomi con la coperta."Notte cucciola" sorrisi."Notte Lucas"
     Skyler brook is a 17 year oldgirl that lives with her verrrryy wealthy mother wich is a famous moddle but nobody knew she had a daughter. She has two best friends carly higgins and sammuel teal also known as sammy or sam. She dosn't let people push her around, she's not a nerd but not popular either and sometimes get picked with but she handles it.
   Julian is a 18 year old gangleader, bad boy, and player.His only friends are the four boys in his gang, chase, mason, jack, and carlos. And is super protctive and possessive of what is his.
What happens when they take an interest in eachother will they fall in love or will they be friends.
   Sorry guys this was just a short little thing because I didnt want to do alot but you'll meet other people later.
My name is Zoey, i am a advance student in grades and play in a boys team for football. I just a girl that has friends and enemies of course. But that all change, all of that change after this day. 
I was walking home from school and i see about 3 men in my house, 2 looks a little bit order then me but one of them look round about my age. I met eyes with the one around my age, i open the door to find one of the guys older then me to open the door for me. I see my mum sitting on the couch with a guilty look on her face.
"Mum what's going on?" I ask as i drop my bag on the floor.
"Hello Zoey." The guy around my age said.
How does he know my name? This is bad
"Mum what is going on!?" I yell at her.
"Zoey come sit down." She said very calm.
I sit across from her and see that she has her head bow down.
"Theses people are gonna take care of you from now on." My mouth drop when i heard that. I couldn't help myself but to laugh.
"Hahahaha, Omg that's a good one." I silp a fake tear. Then when i look up i see a pretty serious face from mum. I just push the buttons.
"Zoey this is serious. The people who are taking care of you are the three older men, and also..."
"What?"
"Your getting... marry to-" I cut her off with a scream.
"What the fuck!! Why mum!!" Mum stood up and was pulling me into a hug but i push out. 
"No... no can't i chose who i want to marry?!" I start screaming.
"Zoey i'm sorry i had to do this because-" 
"I don't care anymore! I don't want to hear it!" I ran upstairs and shut my door loudly so she could hear it.
I jump on my bed and realise that most of my stuff was gone... so i guess i am really living with other people.
I hear a knock on the door, i slowly get from my bed and peak though a little entrance when the door was open. It was the boy around my age. I haven't had a really good look at him though. His brown hair going in his hazel eyes, he was around 6'3 and i was 5'8. We stare at each other until i broke the slience.
"What do you want?" i said crossing my arms. 
"I came to get you. We are leaving now." He grabs me by my arms but i some how manger to get out of his grip. 
"First i want to know why I'm leaving with you. Second who the fuck are you and third I'm not going anywhere with you."  I cross my arms. He starts leaning in.
"Fuck off!" I flip at him. 
He leans back and smirks at me. 
"I guess they were right about you." Who is 'they'? The fuck is going on today.
"Tell me your name!" 
"Fine, My name is Jason... "
"Jason who?" 
"Jason Blue."
"..." I stood there in frozen knowing that i was going to be, living with.
One of the biggest gang leaders in the world.

This will be very short.
I want you to know that the beginning is a bit slow. I had a slight idea of what this story was going to be about, and I needed to help build up to that.
I understand if you just skim through the first 3 chapters XD
Anyways, please enjoy this story. :)
AND
Feel free to help me out, like with mistakes and things like that.
I won't be correcting them until waaaayyy later on. .... If I even remember. Teehee. :')
Thank you.
~Bethany<3
Chapter 1: Hart Breakers
A/N: Can't believe I'm writing this, but yes, Hart is written that way since that's the main character and all her brothers' last name. Sorry about that, carry on. 
"Dalton. Why aren't you... why aren't you talking anymore? Dalton."
"If they hear me, they'll hurt me."
"Who will hurt you? Who will hurt you, Dalton?" 
"The man... with... fire... on his face."
"boo"
"Ah!"
"You should've seen your face!"
"Matthew Hart! You stupid idiot! You scare the hell out of me!" I yelled whilst hitting my all-most-choking-from-laughter brother on the shoulder with each syllable. Seriously, this boy is going to give me a heart attack!
"That's what you get for-"
"What the fuck?!" Jake burst through the door holding a spatula as a weapon. "What the hell's going on?!" he asked a little flustered and searching my room for a possible murderer.
"Jake, it's ok, hand me the spatula and no one will get hurt," Matty said with a serious expression trying very hard not to laugh at my other brother's weapon of choice.
"Oh my God! Jake, a spatula? What are you going to do with it? Spank the hell out of a burglar?" I asked a little amused, but still annoyed as hell.
Click."Oh man, this is definitely blackmailing material," Matty said whilst saving Jake's picture. Still mad at them, but will definitely ask him to give me a copy of it.
"Oh you're dead," Jake started to chase Matty trying to get his cell phone.
"Really? What are you going to do, spank me?" Matty asked in a feminine voice using one of my tables as a shield.
"If you don't shut up, this is going to be so far up your ass that I will be able to scratch your nose!" Jake kept shouting whilst circling the table trying to catch him.
That's enough, I got fed up with this. Here I was in the tranquility of my room watching a horror movie, which by the way I've missed five minutes off, and these two damn idiots came here to ruin it. I stood up, went to my bathroom, took the bag out of my trash can and then proceeded to fill it with water.
"Think fast!" They didn't even have time to reply when I threw them the bucket full of icy water.
My laughter didn't last long when I saw their long stern faces. They stood there looking at me, not even moving. Crap.
"Nate!!"I yelled at the top of my lungs running like the devil was reaching for my toes. With no use, unlike me, my brothers were freaking athletes. In matter of seconds they tackled me, one held my arms while the other straddle my legs.
"Don't you dare! Nate!" I kept shouting to no avail. My eldest brother wasn't coming to my rescue.
"Hmm, what do you think the proper punishment is dear brother?" Matty asked with a smug look on his face.
"Well, due to the fact that she has two offenses I'd say-"
"Wait! What two offenses? I only committed one!" I cut through desperately wondering what the other offense was.
"And scaring the shit out me doesn't count as an offense??" Jake asked with mock horror.
"Please, I'm so sorry guys. I promise I won't do it again, please?" If my sad puppy face doesn't help me now, I don't know what will.
"Brody!" Matty yelled.
"yeah," Brody answered from his room.
"Could you get the flour and some maple syrup?" An evil smile appeared on Matty's face.
"No, no, no!" Too late, I was already being carried down the hall. Suddenly, I heard the shower and I started to trash my arms and legs like a mad woman. This only caused Jake to hold on to my arms tighter and Matty to grip my legs harder.
"Brody! What the hell did I do to you?" I did not understand why my other brother was tagging along with the assholes' devious plans.
"Can't help it. It's like an involuntary reaction," Brody stood there with an amused expression while holding the flour and maple syrup.
"Ok, that's enough guys, let Emily go."
"Nate!" I couldn't think of a time where I was so grateful to see him.
"Hell no, she drenched us, she knows the consequences." 
Seriously, so eager for payback Jake.
"Fine. But you'll have to clean up after yourselves, get ready and I don't have time to wait for you," Nate replied nonchalantly crossing his arms over his chest while leaning on the bathroom door frame.
Right. I forgot today's Friday and like every Friday night my brothers went out looking for their next prey. In case you are wondering, yes I have four older brothers. Before you start with the 'aw that's so cute, I wish I was her' you have no freaking idea of what you are talking about!
Living with not one, two, three but four brothers is like hell on earth. Don't get me wrong, I love my brothers, but they are annoying as hell and what I dislike the most, players. I've lost track of every girl they've banged over the last few years. Oh, and by the way, don't judge my choice of words, it's a miracle I still act lady like...most of the time.
It's not easy for a seventeen-year-old girl to grow up with four men and no parents. Yup, here comes the drama. My parents were loving, caring, attentive, in fact, they were the perfect parents. It all went to hell when my momma was diagnosed with stage IV cancer, which meant there was not much to do. My father could not cope well with her loss and, being a doctor, decided to do an extensive research looking to find a cure for the disease that took her from us. I can't blame him for leaving. If I had the resources, I would've done the same without a second thought. So he moved to another state leaving my eldest brother Nate as my legal guardian.
We all still lived together because, aside from Nate, the rest of my brothers were too cheap and comfortable to leave yet. They were all currently going to their respective universities and working at the same time. I was the one left in high school with no social life whatsoever, because, yup you guessed it, my brothers were protective as hell!
~~~~~~~~
Don't know if anybody's actually reading this, but please don't hesitate to write a comment. :)
Oh, and in case you're wondering the movie's Insidious. If you haven't seen it, trust me is damn scary.
-Kim <3
Аааа,как меня достал этот будильник! Выключив будильник и поволявшись еще 5 минуток,я встала и побежала вниз. На кухне уже готовила мамочка. -Доброе утро,-сказала я,обняв маму сзади.-Доброе,ты уже собрала вещи? Я закатила глаза и сказала:- Почти...-Так,сейчас поешь и бегом собираться,у нас самолет в 16:20-Хорошо,мам,-сказала я. Я не очень рада,что мы переезжаем. Хотя у меня тут друзей нет,я не очень общительная. Ах да! Я же не рассказала о себе. И так: меня зовут Эмили Беннет,мне 17 лет и я закончила 10 класс. Я ростом 170,у меня русые волосы, глаза хамелеон,то есть когда то они карие,а когда то зеленые и хорошая фигура. Ну попа на месте,а грудь 3 размера. Мы живем в Лондоне,но сегодня удетаем навсегда жить в Нью-Йорк. Потому что мама с папой развелись и мама хочет поменять обстановку. Мою маму зовут Лора Беннет. Ей 36 лет,у нее такие же русые волосы и зеленые глаза,она красавица и не выглядит на свои 36 лет. Я пошла в нее. Я занимаюсь танцами. Я вообще не очень женственна. В моем гордеробе нет ни одного платья,ни одной юбки и не одной пары туфель. Мой гардероб состоит из шорт,джинс,маек,футболок и кроссов с кедами. Так что то я отвлеклась.Я поела и пошла собирать вещички. Да у нас двухэтажный дом. Вообщем получилось у меня 3 чемодана.Надела я это ⬇
Вот мы уже сидим в самолете и через несколько часов уже буду в новой стране. И начну новую жизнь,зоведу друзей. Воткнув наушники в уши и включив группу One direction - Drag me down я закрыла глаза и погрузилась в мир музыки.
На фото я
This is my first story on Wattpad. I've been working on it for months and have been hardcore debating whether or not to publish it. 
Well, I'm going to. (obviously)
Please give it a chance. I know that lots of people dislike reading stories that are not completed, but I will be uploading on a regular schedule. 
Boundless Ties Copyright © xXMopelXx 2014 All rights reserved.
This story belongs to me. Any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, distribution, or selling of my work is an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of this copyright is punishable by law. 
In simpler terms, copy, steal or plagiarize my story, and I'll kill you. Consider it a warning. ALSO, I've never seen this story title anywhere before, and I checked beforehand to make sure no story had the same title as mine!
Hello, my sexies :) Yes, new story is finally up! I'm really excited for this particular book, and I was originally suppose to post this - if I'm correct - in May 2013. This story actually ties down with my other one Back To December, and you can even consider it a prequel if you want? Though that one is a stand alone novel. You don't have to read this one or that one in order to understand any of the stories. Read whichever one you want! I had actually written this story about a year ago, if I'm correct. All I ask you is if you enjoyed reading this, please, drop me a vote and leave me a comment with your honest feedback! I would seriously appreciate it. Happy Reading :)
Oh, and Happy New Year to everyone <3 Hopefully 2014 will be better!
UPDATE - February 2, 2016: Please keep in mind that this first chapter was posted two years ago and I've grown a lot as a writer. If you find it lacking in any sense or even "annoying" because of the main character, I'm going to ask you loves to still give this story a chance. God knows I don't like this first chapter that much either, but there's a lot of character growth as we progress and I reckon you'll enjoy Boundless Ties if you can get past the first few chapters. Please try to read it with an open mind :) xo 
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
               ~Chapter 1~  He's my personal tutor sent from hell 
My mother shook her head in disapproval, her hazel eyes glued to the bright red numbers on my exam sheet. "Why are half the answers blank, Natalie?" she demanded, slowly, enunciating my name and raising her eyebrows enquiringly.
Natalie... The way she said my name had a burst of shivers ripple though my spine, and not the good kind, might I add.
As I shifted uneasily from one foot to another and gazed at the vinyl tile flooring beneath my feet, heat flooded my cheeks and I sighed. Rocking back and forth on my heels, I cautiously sneaked a glance at my mom's – possible – livid expression.
She was furious, to say the least. I puffed out my cheeks and another resigned sigh escaped my parted lips. I roughly combed my fingers though my brown locks and avoided her penetrating gaze.
I found my voice, and willed myself to answer her. "I didn't know them?" I suggested quietly, trying to shrug my shoulder indifferently.
It came out more like a question rather than a statement. I bit my lower lip, guiltily. It was safe to say that exams were not my forte.
She released a slow huff of breath as she pinched the bridge of her nose with her thumb and pointer finger. A feeling of regret burned deeply within me, gnawing at my heart. At the exact moment, I heard chuckling and my eyes instantly darted to the kitchen doorway where my brother stood tall in his six foot frame.
Trent was languidly leaned against the door frame, with his arms crossed over his broad chest. His face was slowly turning into a painful shade of red as he tried to suppress his laughter. He bit his lip and his chest expanded as he sucked in a shaky breath, trying to keep the laughter at bay.
Authors Note: 
This is the new story I'm thinking of writing!
© Jojo B 2014 
All rights including those in copyright in the content of this story are owned by Jojo B 
All characters in this story are from my imagination and are copyrighted. 
Any similarities to anything else are not intended. 
Any violation of this shall result to maximum copyright penalties. 
Don't steal or copy this. 
Thank you.
CHAPTER 1
Shifting orbits (part 1)
       I boarded the bus on the first day of school with a weird sense of anticipation. Even after nine years as the class dork, I couldn't quite squelch a fizzy little hope that this year would be different. 
        Maybe this year Jimmy Franklin would finally notice I existed. I was fifteen now and marginally less awkward than I'd been last year as a freshman. Maybe I'd do something wild and daring, like, oh, run for treasurer of the French Club. I might even get elected, since last year they'd had to arm-twist someone into doing it. 
        The familiar sour-stale schoolbus smell--like old french fries that had been baking in the Indiana sun all summer, with maybe a whiff of vomit--took some of the fizz out of my mood. It was the smell of a dozen past humiliations. Still, I clung to what I hoped was a confident half-smile as I headed for an empty seat two-thirds of the way back.
        "Wow, Marsha, nice blouse." 
        It was Trina Squires, of course-my nemesis. Trina was everything I wasn't: pretty, rich, popular, athletic. And we'd more or less hated each other ever since that bracelet incident back in third grade. 
        "Get dressed in the dark again?" she continued.
        My best friend Bri, who had about fifty times more fashion sense than me, had picked out my outfit-a cute white cap-sleeve blouse dotted with tiny blue stars, and denim capris. I totally trusted Bri's taste. Not wanting Trina to think I cared what she said, I passed her before glancing down at myself. 
        Oh. Crap. Nice blouse, yeah-buttoned one button off. How did I not notice that before I left the house? Hitching my tattered green backpack a little higher, I tried to cover the neckline, where it was most obvious.
        And tripped over Bobby Jeeter's foot, which he'd stuck out just for me. I caught myself-barely-before I went sprawling, but that didn't keep half the bus from laughing.
        "You know, most guys gave that up back in fifth grade," I informed Bobby, grabbing my glasses before they slipped off my nose. 
        "What can I say?" Bobby shrugged, not the least bit apologetic. "It's still funny." 
        More laughter.
        Trying to ignore them all, I pushed my glasses back up, sat down in the empty seat and started rebuttoning my blouse as inconspicuously as possible.
        Nope, it didn't look like this year was going to be any different.
        Attention shifted away from me and back to other first-day-of-school gossip as the bus left Jewel's shabby historic district, where I lived with my aunt and uncle just a block from Diamond, our "Main Street." I stared out the window as we trundled through progressively newer areas with bigger yards and hardly any fences. 
        No hills, of course. All of Jewel was flat--and boring. Like most other small towns in north-central Indiana, it consisted of a tiny little "downtown," a few widely scattered clusters of homes, a couple dozen farms, and cornfields. Lots of cornfields. Its only claim to character was an unusual number of artisan jewelry shops capitalizing on the town name, and the annual Jewel Jewelry Festival every May. 
        Brianna Morrison and Debbi Andrews, my two closest friends, got on the bus a few stops later. "Oh good, you wore it," Bri said, sliding in beside me. Debbi sat right across the aisle. "I really like that top, M."
        I didn't see any point in telling her about my screwup. "Thanks, Bri. You look great, as always--you too, Deb."
        Brianna was a little more popular than me and a lot more outgoing. A bit on the geeky side, like me, but with more style. Though neither of us could claim to be pretty, Bri had thick, curly brunette hair, while mine was limp and mousy brown, with a tendency to frizz. We'd known each other pretty much all our lives and had been BFFs since kindergarten.
Just a quick note, the rest of the story isn't in 3rd person. I just wanted to do this in 3rd so it was easier to show what the situation was like. :) And this is my first story so it's most likely bad...
Prologue
Maisie walked through the gates of the school. Today was her first day off this new high school she was attending. Not having any other siblings attending the school with her wasn’t going to be easy, learning the new ropes of the school without anyone by her side. Once she stepped into sight of the other pupils at the school, she felt everyone’s eyes on her as they stared.
“Hey, you!” Someone shouted from behind her, obviously, she couldn’t hear them.
“It’s the new girl.” Someone else whispered.
One of those boys from the popular group stood up and walked behind her. “Oi, you!” He shouted. “I said, oi, you. Hey, are you even listening to me?”
Maisie kept walking, watching as everyone frowned at her, shooting confused looks at her, she carried on making her way towards the school and trying to ignore it all. Suddenly, she felt someone grab her arm, twisting it which forced her to turn around to face them.
“I’ve been talking to you and you’re ignoring me.” This boy spat.
The boy watched her as she stared at him, her face full of confusion. “Are you stupid? I’ve said this once, and I’ll say it again, I’ve been talking to you and you’re ignoring me.” He said, slower this time. He noticed the way she was staring at his lips. Sure, he knew he was good looking but really?
“I not stupid.” Maisie replied, slowly.
“You obviously are though. Why are you speaking like that?” He asked, noticing once again as her eyes concentrated on his mouth.
“I said, not stupid.” She replied again, in her unusual voice.
He shook her before saying, “If you’re not stupid, then why are you talking like that?” He asked, a cocky grin on his face.
“I deaf.” She said simply. She watched as his face dropped before been replaced with a smirk.
“Oh, really?” He smirked which in reply he got a nod from her.
“Yes, now I going.” Maisie replied before turning back around.  
The boy went back to his group of friends laughing as he did then receiving high fives from the boys as the girls sat their giggling.
Wasn’t high school just wonderful?
--------
The 1975 - A Change of Heart
Seorang laki-laki memarkirkan mobilnya di basement salah satu gedung yang berada di daerah Sudirman. Setelah sukses memarkirkan mobilnya dengan sempurna, laki-laki itu mengambil tas-nya di jok belakang, sebelum dia berjalan memasuki lift kantornya dan menekan tombol yang bertuliskan angka 12.
Laki-laki itu duduk di salah satu meja yang sudah ditempatinya selama setahun belakangan. Dia menghela nafasnya sebentar, sebelum tangannya bergerak merogoh sakunya untuk mengambil ponselnya.
Tahira: Guys! Gue minggu depan fix balik indo nih
Tahira: So happy
Tahira: Meet up yaa!
Enda Nabhan: Kok gue males dah
Tahira: Gue ga ngajak lo.
Chessa Thivia: lulz
Chessa Thivia: Mau ga ya....
Tahira: Paan deh pengantin baru
Tahira: Gimana nikah muda?
Chessa Thivia: Enak
Chessa Thivia: Sent a photo
Enda Nabhan: Demi Allah gue emosi bacanya.
Tahira: HAHAHA 
Enda Nabhan: Paan dah Ta
Chessa Thivia: Paan dah Ta (2)
Read by 2
Perlahan senyum kecil terbentuk di bibir laki-laki itu. Jemarinya bergerak untuk membalas pesan dari group chat yang baru saja dibacanya.
Gadhra: Ta
Gadhra: Ga usah gede2 ketawanya
Gadhra: Bau.
Setelah membalas group chat dari teman-teman SMA-nya, laki-laki bernama Gadhra itu menyandarkan tubuhnya di sandaran kursi kerjanya. Kedua bola matanya melihat sekeliling. Belum ada yang datang. Ambi juga gue.
"Who's the best employee in here?" katanya pelan. "Of course me. Yea, paan dah woy dateng pagi doang."
Bingung harus ngapain, tangan Gadhra bergerak mengecek ponselnya lagi.
Chessa Thivia: Ga sekalian taun depan aja lo balesnya?:)
Gadhra tertawa. Dilihatnya chat di group itu lagi, yang ternyata sudah dua hari yang lalu. Entahlah, dia memang suka malas membuka ponselnya.
Jemari Gadhra bergerak membuka display picture perempuan yang bernama Chessa Thivia itu. Senyum kecil mengembang di bibirnya saat melihat foto perempuan itu bersama laki-laki yang kini sudah menjadi suaminya sejak sebulan yang lalu. Salut dengan pilihan mereka untuk menikah di usia 23.
Gadhra menghela nafasnya pelan. Mengingat perempuan yang biasa dipanggil Via itu dulu sempat mengisi hatinya. Entah sejak kapan, sejak mereka kecil mungkin? Kenangan mereka yang terlalu banyak membuat Gadhra sulit untuk melupakan perempuan itu begitu saja. Ditambah lagi, mereka berpisah karena kebodohannya sendiri.
Disinilah dia sekarang. Masih mencoba untuk membuka hatinya kepada perempuan lain, dan berharap siapapun itu orangnya, she's really the one for him.
Suara pintu yang terbuka membuat Gadhra bergerak melihat ke arah pintu. Saat ini yang dilihatnya adalah seorang perempuan yang sedang tersenyum manis, sambil menunduk sopan kepadanya. Kedua bola mata Gadhra kini fokus kepada rambut lurus bergelombang perempuan itu yang tergerai indah, dan sedikit kecoklatan karena terkena cahaya lampu yang cukup terang. 
WTWB will be finished before this will start (obviously)
I may change the name and description in the future, but for now this is the sequel to WTWB. And I really hope you guys will enjoy it as much as you enjoyed the first two :)


Copyright




Love you guys! 
~ChasingMadness24
This book is currently published under Pop Fiction/Summit Media. This is the unedited version available only on Wattpad. For full details about the published version, go to the chapter titled 'Published' at the very end/
Watch the trailer on the side, it was made by LikeAMillionBucks to whom this chapter is dedicated to.
Introduction  
"Celeste, are you coming home with us?" my best friend, Jessica, asked me and I looked up from my notebook. I saw all of my friends standing up and was already on their way to the door.
"I still have to finish these reports," I replied with a frown.
They nodded in understanding, "We'll see you tomorrow," they hollered when they were already out of the room. I groaned in frustration as I stared at the amount of work that I had to do as student body president.
With the winter formal coming up, all everybody can talk about was the dance. I still had to look over the requests form given to me by the dance committee. I had to submit also the reports to the school principal on how the student conduct performance was doing.
Who said being student body president was easy?
After an hour passed, I was finally done with the paperwork. I stuffed everything inside my bag after I safely tucked them in each folder and stood up. When I got out of the classroom I was working in, I noticed that it was already dark outside.
Walking through the halls of the school, I noticed that one of the classroom doors was wide open. Curiosity got me and I took a peek inside. I was surprised to see a figure hunched back with only the light from his phone as the only source of light in this room.
His face was being illuminated thanks to the device in his hands but it was nobody I recognize. His hair was obviously disheveled and it seems like he has been running his hand through it multiple times already.
I cautiously walk up to where he's seated and tapped on his shoulder. His head shot up so quickly that I was scared that he'll end up with a neck pain.
"Hi," I greeted awkwardly and he was giving me look that clearly says, 'What the fuck are you doing here?'
His face was turned into a scowl, "What are you doing here?" he asked rudely and I lifted my brow. This guy was a lot ruder than I expected.
"I was finishing some work," I explained, counting numbers inside my head to calm me down, "What are you doing here?" I repeated the question he fired at me.
"None of your business," he scoffed and I can practically see my temper dying down. Before I can even say something, all of the electricity turned off.
The lights in the hallway were no longer giving you the sense of comfort and the only thing that would help you to see is the light coming from the moon outside. I turned my attention back to the guy, opening my mouth to ask him what happened. The knowing look he had on, it was obvious that he knew our situation.
"Looks like we're locked in," the guy who I was talking to said in a scarily calming voice.
 Uh Oh.
---------------------------------------
Well, introductions are sometimes meant to be short but don't worry, chapters will gradually become longer.
This is my first story so please tell me what you think.

El día comenzó con una delicada llovizna, Alisson se vistió y salió hacia el colegio y como todas las mañanas su primo la esperaba a mitad de cuadra en una Ecosport con los chicos para llevarla al colegio. En la parte trasera se encontraban: Joel, Richard y Erick; Zabdiel se encontraba en el asiento del pilotó y Christopher en el asiento del copiloto. Abrió la puerta del copiloto saludos a todos y se sentó en las piernas de su primo, Alissom estaba muy cómoda ya que tuvo que viajar las once cuadras sentada sobre el pene de su primo. Al llegar a la preparatoria se despidió dirigiéndose al salón de Química, al terminar las clases fue a su casa en busca de las cosas del gimnasio y se dirigió a él.Cuando llegó, como era día de lluvia, solamente habían dos de sus compañeros: Gino y Manuel. La clase fue muy corta a comparación de las otras, al terminar la clase, Gino se fue, Alissom se quedó con su "compañero", Manuel, de 21 año de edad. Ella se dirigió al baño y comenzó a desvestirse. Ella "nunca" a tenido sexo con Manuel, solamente se besaban, salgo que al estar vistiéndose , solamente le falto colocarse la remera quedándose en brasier hasta que Manuel comenzó a besarle la espalda hasta llegar a su nuca, y a desprenderle los botones del vaquero, la levantó sentándola en la mesada, ella le quitó la playera al igual que él hizo con ella.El le desprendió su pantalón y luego el de Manuel. Se basaban apasionadamente hasta que...
-¡Alisson! ¿Qué demonios estás haciendo!?Manuel y Alisson se separaron y comenzaron a vestirse al tiempo en el que Alisson hablaba -Lo siento-No hay problema nena- respondió, Manuel-Alisson, te espero en el coche-Claro. Enseguida voy-Vaya, si que es muy controlador-Ni te imaginasSalieron del gimnasio -Bueno- cerró el gimnasio -¿Nos vemos luego?-Claro. Adiós- se besaron y Manuel se fue-Vayámonos- comenzó a jalarle del brazo izquierdo-Suéltame! Christopher me lastimas!-Claro que no Alisson!Alisson se paró frente del carro y observó el lado del acompañante -¿Por qué la trajiste?-Ali, es mi novia-Pero no la puedo ni ver, Christopher. Y lo sabes-Lo sé, Ali. Pero no la voy a ignorar solo por el hecho de que a ti no te agrade-Gracias, ¿eh?-Mira Alisson, en serio lo lamento-Ya no importa, Christopher- se dirigió a la puerta trasera detrás del asiento del conductor y susurró -Ya no importa-Alisson...Alisson no dejó que Christopher terminará de hablar y se subió al carro -Hola Erick-Hola hermosa- le beso la mejilla-Erick...ya basta- dijo Christopher subiéndose al carro y encendiéndolo-Ya vayámonos- contesto Ali en un tono frío
PRINCESS ON THE LOOSE
AUTHOR'S NOTE: HIYA! PLEASE COMMENT AND VOTE. 
COPYRIGHTS. DON'T COPY PLEASE. 
Warning: Will contain lots of grammatical error and mistakes. (First book completed guys ;)) It's now in the process of revision and editing.*This story is also inspired by princess charm school which I've watched with my lil sis one evening. But don't worry, this story will be way different from it. ;)
Prologue
NO, this couldn't be. The principal did not just say that. Did he?
"Clarissa, are you alright? You look rather pale." Our kind principal looked at me concerned. I scrunched my eyebrows at his stupidity. Well Mr. Sherlock, of course I would look pale. Who wouldn't look pale? I'm devastated.
"Sir, I don't think I heard you right or maybe I just don't understand anything that you're saying. Will you repeat it again?"
"You're the chosen one. The most prestigious, high class, King and Queen Academy chose you. In fact, this news surprised me."
"What do you mean surprised? This has got to be a joke. What about Verona? She was as good as me, how come she wasn't chosen?" Verona was talented in everything, including being a bitch.
The man chuckled before me, his deep baritone voice filling the tiny room. He leaned back behind his desk comfortably. "You see, she tried enrolling there but after she was interviewed, she got rejected flat out. Poor girl." He continued laughing as I frowned.
"Oh." But weren't spoiled girls usually chosen?
"I am here to congratulate you. Well done Clarissa. I hope you would do well and make our school proud." He smiled at me like I'm the next Oprah which I didn't get. Obviously I wouldn't do well.
"Let's not hope so much sir. I wouldn't go that far but I would try my best not to fail you." I smiled back at him. I couldn't back out now when he was looking at me like that. I hated this, I needed to get out of here soon and probably never come back.
"That's my student. Now go, they've come to get you."
"What?!" I almost shouted. They've come to get me now? "How about my friends? My family? My relatives?" If they come now, I wouldn't be able to escape.
He frowned. "I'm sorry. I'm not the one making the rules."
Then as if on cue the door opened revealing two muscular guys with black tuxedos and awesome ray bands. I would have admired how cool they looked since I loved James Bond but now wasn't the time. I had to think of something quick.
I threw myself at the principal and hugged him affectionately. "But honey, I don't want be separated from you. I love you so much. I'd rather be with you forever." I batted my eyelashes for the special effect. 
His jaw dropped open, then the realization came to him. He pushed me away. "Clarissa, now's not the time for playing games."
"You're throwing me away? After everything I've done for you? After all those long, amazing nights?" I asked teary-eyed. I glanced at the two bulky men as they cleared their throat uncomfortably. Good.
The principal paled like a white out. 
I faced the two men. "I love this man so much. I don't think it's a good idea to tear us apart. No I don't think you've chosen the right girl. Surely you wouldn't choose someone who's having an affair with a man thrice her age."
They almost nodded at me.
"Enough Clarissa!" The principal bellowed. "I knew you would do something like this but I didn't think you'd go this far. You even included me in your scheme. Take her!" He ordered the two angrily. 
"Sweetheart! Please don't break up with me! How could you do this to me, to us?!" I cried as the two men took both my arms.
"Are you sure she's the girl who was chosen?" One of the men asked. Finally they were doubting me. This was just getting better and better.
"Yes she is" Another voice answered. I looked at the tall intruder. He was wearing a black coat and he looked like some middle-aged handsome professor with a beard. "Don't let her acting get to you. She's used to resolve in making up a scenario in an instant to get what she wants or get away. Don't forget, she was brought up by a con artist, although her father is now a changed man. A mighty powerful good man, I may add"
The two nodded guiltily as I groaned.
"I think you better take her now before she does something again" The principal sighed, massaging his temples.
"Why me? Why did you choose me?" I asked the middle-aged man curiously. He finally looked at me in the eye. "I'm not preppy. I don't like dresses or heels. I hate those things."
"It's because you're smart, quick to think," He simply answered. "And I'm not the only one that chose you. There is a very influential person that suggested you specifically but I don't know the reason why"
I sighed. I guess this was the end of my free and blissful life. Things like these just seemed to hit me all the time as if I was in the middle of the ocean being walloped by continuous rolls of waves. It never stops and I never get enough rest.
"Congratulations Clarissa Marie Valdez for being chosen by King and Queen Academy. You are now one of the many princesses in training. I'm sure your father would be proud when he hears the news"
I'm not so sure about that.
  Braylon Paige Ryder: 15 years old. Thin Brown hair. Blue eyes. Completely gorgeous. Athletic body. Tan. Youngest of 6 children. Twin to Grayson Owen Ryder. 
    Grayson Owen Ryder: 15 years old. Dirty blond hair. Blue eyes. Muscular. Athletic body. Tan. Older than Braylon by 34 minutes. Second youngest.     Jace Blake Ryder: 16 years old. Light brown hair. Hazel eyes. Muscular. Tan. Athletic body. Third youngest. 
     Amie Johnson:  15 years old. Black hair. Hazel eyes. Very pretty. Semi- Athletic. Semi-tan. Best friends with Ally and Braylon. 
     Tyler Reynolds : 17 years  old. Best friends with Grayson. Muscular and athletic. Blond hair and green eyes. Very tan. 
   Zane Caves: Tan. Muscular and athletic. Brown hair. Chocolate brown eyes. The best friend to the while Ryder family.
I'm writing this story to show that bullying does happen and it needs to stop. Your own friends could bully you which is unacceptable and wrong. If this happens to you, you need to find new friends and find happiness in life. I know it is easier said than done, but you are strong enough to do it. It's okay if you don't fit in as long as you're doing what you enjoy. Who cares what other people think? Just stand up for yourself and don't ever give up or give in to peer pressure!
More and more people are bullied each day either over the Internet or in person. We should all raise awareness about bullying, which is what I hope to achieve in this story. Stand up for people who are being bullied and offer them hope and kindness.
I'll make this story humorous, but bullying is a serious topic. 
With that said, I hope you enjoy this story and spread the #NoMoreBullying tag so we can raise even more awareness to make a stand against bullying together.










Paano kung dumating sa point na paglaruan sila ng tadhana? At ma fall inlove sila sa isa't isa?
 (8/6/2016)
WARNING: Please note that the characters in this story will not always do what the reader want them to do and that they are allowed to make mistakes and mess up. But that does not mean I allow readers to use hateful language. If I feel like your remarks are too offensive, I will delete them and mute you. I'm adding this into the book now because I'm tired of seeing all of the degrading terms thrown at female or male characters. 
Now here is the note I put in this book in May:
+ + + 
Old Note:
Thank you so much for continuing the story of Silvia and Dakota :D 
I should warn you of the mature content you will find in this novel. There will be swearing, violence, suggestive language, and other mature themes along those lines. I am in no way promoting these actions. I am merely the writer. The relationship in this novel is not healthy. Please do not seek a bad boy in the hopes to reform him. 
-ALISON
"Come on Reagan! You have to go!" 
"Mom! I don't see the big deal in leaving. It was just one little damn incident!" 
"One little incident?! You almost got killed!" My mom looks at me like I'm ridiculous.
"It wouldn't matter!" I shoot back.
"Yes it would, honey." My mom softens, but I still glare at the ground. 
"You need to get better and I know going to her house is going to be good for you." She grabs my shoulders and gives me my suitcase. 
"Now go. I love you sweetie." 
"Love you," I mutter walking past her and my dad, who hasn't said a word to me. 
"Well, Gabe I'm leaving. See you in a couple of months little bro." I kneel down to my little brother's height.
"B-but Reagan! I don't want you to go! Please stay." He pouts and his eyes glisten with tears. 
"Gabe you know it's not my choice! I would stay but mom's making me." He sniffles and wraps his arms around me. I feel him start to cry on my shoulder and I sigh. If he keeps crying I'm going to start crying. 
"Gabe stop crying you're going to make me cry!" He sniffs one more time and let's go of me.
"P-promise that we'll talk and when you get back well watch a movie." 
"Promise." I let go of him and he walks to my mom. My dad looks away fom me and I sigh. 
"Love you too, dad." I mutter walking away from my family. 
"Reagan!" I turn around just as my bestfriend pounces on me. We both fall to the ground and I groan. 
"Taylor! Get off me!" He gets off me and helps me up. 
"You can't leave me without saying goodbye." He smacks my arm and I yelp. 
"What was that for?" 
"For almost leaving me!" He stated. "Oh and here!" He hands me a stuffed teddy bear and I grab it. 
"We are going to talk everyday and we can gossip about all the cute guys!" He mocks a girls voice and I smile. "There's that big smile." I roll my eyes and hug him. 
"I'll be back before you know it." 
Flight 24 now ready. Please board the plane!
I groan and look back at Taylor who's pouting. 
"Damn it! I have to go!" 
"It's okay babe. We'll talk when you get there. Love you." He hugs me tightly one more time. 
"Love you too." 
After we said our goodbyes I got in the plane, at first class. I don't know why they couldn't just get me a regular seat but no. I put my suitcase on the seat next to me and plug in my headphones. Panic! At The Disco immediately blares through my headphones and I lay my back down on the seat. My long black hair cascades down my shoulders and to my waist. My hair is getting long long long. 
 "We arrived." I nod and she walks off. I finally notice that everyone is out and I grab my things. I let one of the earpieces from the headphones out of my ear and the other in my ear, still blasting it's music. I wipe the drool off my chin and walk out the plane. I go through corridors until I'm finally in the main hall so I can get the rest of my things. I let my suitcase roll behind me and I stop for a second so I can put my cardigan back on. I continue and then I grab my other suitcase. My jeans are a little wrinkled and so is my grey plain shirt. As I sit down on a chair I look around waiting to see the people that are supposed to pick me up. 
"Reagan! Is that you?" A voice behind me chirps and I turn around in my chair to see a brown haired woman and a black haired man walk up to me. I get up and I'm soon tackled into a hug. 
"Sweetie it's been so long! Although you probably don't remember me. You were just a little baby last time I saw you." She lets me go and she turns me so I'm facing the man. 
"This is my husband, Mark. Oh yeah! I'm Harper!" She chirps and I give Mark a wave who gives me one back. We stand there awkwardly until Harper gives me a tug. 
"C'mon you have to go meet the boys!" 
"Boys?" I ask, confused. I thought it was just going to be us. 
"Yes I have five boys!" I nearly choke on my spit and she gives me a concerning look. 
"You okay sweetie?" 
I nod and she smiles. 
On the way to her house she informs me on the guys. Ace is the oldest being 23. Ben being 19. Calum and Damien both being 18. And finally, Edward being 15. 
Calum and Damien are both twins so that might be hard. I can't believe they don't have any girls! I'm going to be living in a house full of guys! Don't get me wrong that's great and all but I will most likely not have any privacy. 
As we arrive at the house I gape at it. I thought my house was big, but this house is huge. It's a three story house and from the windows I can see that the color scheme of the house are red and gold. I gulp as we come into the driveway. I can see different cars. Two of them being a camaro, one of them is a blue color and the other a red color. The other two cars are a lamborghini and a bugatti. The lamborghini is a black color and the bugatti is a grey color. I gape at the cars and I nearly drool. I instantly shut my mouth as I see Harper giving me an amused look. 
"C'mon sweetie. Let's go meet the boys." She gets out her car and I follow. Mark follows behind us and I hear the small car lock. Harper opens the red door to her house and I come in. Mark shuts the door behind him and I gape at the staircase. It looks like it leads to nowhere. 
"Ace, Ben, Calum, Damien, and Edward! Get your butts down here now! She yells and I hear pounds of feet start to decend down the stairs. I look down and fiddle with the teddy bear Taylor gave me. The music is still playing in my ear and I can tell that Harper and Mark can hear it but they ignore it. 
The teddy bear looks at the ground as I hold it in my hands. The bear is a golden brown color and it has soft paws. 
"Guys this is Reagan." It's silent as Harper introduces me, but I ignore her and I keep looking at the bear. I wonder how the fur is attached to the fabric. I mean don't they have to like stick the fur in a peice of fabric and then the fabric is sewn to other peices. I wonder how the fur stays. I don't know I may be wrong. 
"Reagan!" I snap my head up and I look at Harper with wide eyes. 
"What?" I ask. 
"I've been calling your name for five minutes." 
"Sorry." My cheeks turn a light red and I can hear people behind her snickering. 
Great! You embarrassed yourself on the first day here! I scold myself. 
"As I was saying these are my boys!" She moves from in front of me and I can see five guys in front of me. 
Correction, four hot Greek gods and a younger version of them.
Addison Daniels is perfectly happy with her life in Miami, Florida until one day her dad Tim Daniels the Head Coach of the Miami Hurricanes gets a call from the Abercrombie Titan's Assistant Varsity Football Coach Mike Collins offering to let her father take over the helm of a struggling Team from Abercrombie, North Dakota. A town with approximately 265 people in it.
Then in an instant Addison's life is changed. Her first day in Abercrombie she meets the 6'4 Quarterback of the Titan's Noah Bexton. When Her father asks her to keep stats for the team she thinks that it will help her friendship with Noah. But, at the first practice her father issue one rule. Addison is off Limits. To bad Noah can't be near her without crushing hard.
Noah must keep his crush a secret from everyone. To make things even worse old Demons from Addison's Volleyball Career come knocking. Addison starts to question everything in her life including her friendship with Noah.  
Hey Everyone this book is currently being edited and rewritten. All re edited chapters will have the word Final in parenthesis after the chapter title. 
  [ PLEASE READ THE NOTES I'VE MADE INSIDE THIS FOREWORD] 
Right when Silvia Ellington is about to start her senior year, her mother decides to have her move in with her aloof father and his "perfect" family in California.  She promises to be on her best behavior, and for the most part, she's able to keep her snappy attitude in check...until she ends up going to a party one chilly night. In the adolescent madness, she finds a tattooed boy named Dakota. He's ungodly tall and has crystal blue eyes that can sway any good girl to do bad things. 
      When they first meet, he makes it his job to show that he doesn't like Silvia. And he's got reasons. All she has to do is disarm this bad boy and unlock the secrets he's keeping deep inside. Before they know it, Silvia and Dakota embark on an emotional roller-coaster of a relationship that is bound to ruin a few lives. But when Silvia's own secrets come knocking on her door, will it tear them apart or will love prevail?
 * * * * * * * * 
 WHAT READERS HAVE SAID: 
"This story isn't just lighthearted, but it also holds many other serious themes and messages that are realistic and are relatable....it holds the perfect balance and mix of bad boy mischief and teenage angst..... When it comes down to it, I think what touches me the most is how real the story, the characters and the situations, are. I think this is the perfect coming of age story every teen needs to read. " 
  - jodie157 , creator of Best of Badboy
"I looooooove it. I'm so in love with all of the characters. You're a talented writer and I know that this story is going to end well."
 -yourlittleweirdo
"I'm so conflicted. Pierson is cocky, funny, and loveable. On the other hand, I like how crude, mysterious Dakota is, and how he challenges Silvia. Ugh. Can't I ship them both???" 
- behindtheskies 
"AHHH. Pierson is my spirit animal....He's perfection.... If Silvia doesn't pick Pierson, I'm moving to Crescent Heights so I can marry him. BETH WILL NOT STOP ME. NO ONE WILL."
- mycult
"Can I just say that your book is amazing and I do not lie when I say it is my all time favourite book on wattpad and I've had a wattpad account since 2012 and have read lots of books."
 -DuuudeChill
"I've been dying for a good book to come my way but it's been kinda hard looking for a good book to read! It's perfectly written and I love the storyline soo much!!"
HNought,  creator of Wattpad Must Reads
.....
.
First and foremost, thank you so much for clicking on my story and taking a chance on it! :) Here are a few things I'd like for you readers to know beforehand.
»This novel is a cross between New Adult/ Young Adult. And before anyone says 'I thought New Adult were stories about being in college/after college..." I will state that, from what I understand, New Adult is a genre still under development. It hasn't fully evolved yet, so there's lots of growing room. I've read many New Adult novels set in High School, during the character's senior year. 
»This is not a story that'll portray a cute, giggling couple that you'll love all the way through cause they are so perfect for each other and adorable. If your looking for an adorable fluff novel, this is not your book. This is a book about damaged, dysfunctional people desperately trying to learn what love is, while simultaneously trying to love themselves for the first time. Things will get ugly. Things will get messy. This isn't a love you should dream for, it's a love that you should learn from. There will be fun moments, of course. [Don't freak out cause I said the word "learn" ...I just like my books ending with some grand message. I'm not giving you a lesson.] 
»This Story Will Have Mature Content. Sex, violence, alcohol and (maybe?) drug usage, and (definitely) lots of swearing. I do not condone any of the actions done by the characters.
» Every chapter will be titled after a song.  Each song I name chapters after can be found on a playlist I've created on Spotify. There are two playlists for this book.  The user name for my Spotify is Ali Blank.
The names for the playlists are:
Disarming/Dismissing Dakota
Disarming Dakota Playlist
»READ MY AUTHOR NOTES (please). I'm not just talking to myself.
» If you see any grammar mistakes, please either excuse them or point them out nicely. I'll try and fix it as soon as possible. I won't be mad. I'm here to improve my writing of course. 
»I welcome criticism. I put my stories up on wattpad so I can see what people like and what people don't like. Getting criticism is my only reward from this, and I want to hear everything you guys have to say about the book. In the end though, please respect that these are MY characters and I will choose their fate. Also, please no hate toward me as an individual. There is a difference between constructive criticism and hate. 
»Don't Steal This Story. Obviously. Plagiarism is illegal, and like all of my work I've copyrighted it. I worked hard on this book, and I don't want someone to just think they can steal it without any negative repercussions. If you see someone violating this rule, please PM me. 
» On twitter and instagram, I will be constantly posting sneak peeks, little quotes, and info about this story and other stories I write on wattpad. It's a great way in keeping up with this book and when I'll be updating :) My twitter and Instagram username is : alisonjsummers 
Any way, that's all I've got to say! I hope you enjoy reading Disarming Dakota :) LET'S GET STARTED! 
- ALISON 
- SIMONE, VEN ACA!! -sentí un grito de mi mama desde la cocina
Voy hacía la cocina y la encuentro con unos papeles en la mano.
- Dime -digo.
- Sube a la casa de Thomas y entregale estos papeles -dice dandome los papeles sin quitar la viste de la lapto.
- MAMA -grito- Sabes que Thomas no cae bien. 
- Ay por dios Simone. Nadie del edificio te cae bien, intenta hacer amigos. 
Como se le ocurre decir que intente hacer amigos cuando tengo amigos. Bueno, uno solo pero es gay pero cuenta, verdad?
- Pero...
- Pero nada Simone. Entrega los papeles y punto.
Le quito los papeles y abro la ventana para ir por las escaleras de emergencia. 
- Por hay no Simone -dice mi madre- Hay algo llamado puerta, sal por hay.
- Ah y no se te olvide tu trabajo de fin de año.
Por dios, el trabajo de fin de año. Estaba tan concentrada en mi blog que no me acordé del trabajo de fin de año. 
- Tranquila -digo abriendo la puerta.
Subo por el ascensor, cosa que le tengo fobia. Una vez dure cinco minutos atrapada en el ascensor y ya me estaba muriendo. Sali del ascensor y toco el timbre de la casa de Thomas. Pensé que iba a salir su madre pero no, salió el.
- Hola Simone -dice con una sonrisa. 
- Hola -digo cortante.
- Que te trae por aquí querida? 
- No me digas querida -digo amenazandolo- mi madre me dijo que te entregara esto.
- Y esto es...
- No me preguntes, no se que es y menos si es para ti.
El dio una carcajada y sin decir nada me di la vuelta y llamo el ascensor. 
- Oye Simone, ven acá. Valery me contó que no has echo tu trabajo de fin de año -dice.
- Verdad -esa perra como se le ocurrió contarle- y entonces..
- Quise saber si quieres que te ayude -dice. 
- Puedo sola, gracias -digo haciendo una sonrisa rapida.
- Tranquila, ven. Tengo algunos temas que te pueden ayudar.
Me di la vuelta y lo mire. Pense en lo que me dijo me madre amigos. Acepté que me ayudara, no quise ser mala persona con el que me gusta y odio.
Entre a su casa, suponía que el tenía que decirme en la mesa pero no, mas bien me llevo a su habitación. 
- A tu habitación no voy -digo negando. 
- Ay por dios Simone -dice agarrandome de la mano.
Oh My God, Thomas me agarró de la mano. Pero ya va, no me tengo que poner así. 
El saco unos libros y me mostró uno del sistema solar. 
- En serio? Sistema solar? -digo en tono de burla.
- Es un buen tema, además puedes ser algo mas original buscando un tema de esto -dice señalando el libro.
- Como quieras. Lo haré porque necesito ayuda -digo cortante- Bueno me tengo que ir.
Voy hacía la puerta de su casa y en eso Thomas se acerca a mi.
- Te acompañó pero por las escaleras. 
- A mi mama no le gusta que..
- Me interesa tu madre? NO verdad. Así que vamos.
Thomas me agarra de la mano y abre la ventana de su casa y bajamos por las escaleras. Es un piso abajo. Llegamos a mi casa y el abre la ventana. 
- Las damas primero -dice ofreciendo su mano.
Negue con la cabeza con una sonrisa. El no dijo nada y entró a casa.
- Hola señora Francys -dice Thomas. 
- Hola cariño -dice.
- Francys, voy a ayudar a Simone con su trabajo -dice el.
- Que bien Thomas, gracias. 
Mi madre y Thomas se despidieron. Yo intentó ir a mi habitación pero Thomas me agarra del brazo.
- Suelta -digo susurrando.
- Dime adiós -dice con una sonrisa. 
- Adiós -digo.
- Y dame un beso en la mejilla.
- Ni se te ocurra -digo susurrando. 
- Vamos, te arrepentirás toda tu vida.
El desgraciado me obligo a darle un beso en la mejilla. Se lo di, no voy a decir que no me gusto porque si me gustó.
- Francys, paso buscando a Simone a las 4 para ayudarla con su trabajo final-dice Thomas antes de salir de mi casa.
- QUE?! -digo sorprendida. 
- Okay Thomas -dice.
Le volteo los ojos a mi madre y veo a Thomas, el me guiño un ojo y yo le saque el dedo del medio. El dio una de sus carcajadas exageradas.
N|A
Hola como están? Ojalá que les haya gusta. Voten y comente. Que tal. Este es un boceto, pero no subiré el siguiente porque tengo obras pendientes. Pero pronto subiré una. 
Gracias. 

PD1: El de multimedia es Thomas 
Summary:
Holly Gardener grew up with four brothers, and more recently a single dad. So being a competitive dancer, and National Junior Dancer of the Year at the age of 12, isn't always easy for her. So when her family life starts to fall apart, her world comes crumbling down around her, her only escape being dance. But when her family life begins to affect her dancing, she has to learn how to dance in the rain.

-This book contains drug usage.

Samantha Connors, the girl who use to play baseball with the boys. 
Ryan Matthews, the boy who loved the girl who played baseball with the boys. 
What happens when baseball isn't the solution?
Love on the Bases is a sequel to Girls can play Baseball, make sure to read it first. 
Thanks!!
***********************************************************************************
Comment
Chapter One- A run in with Mr Bad Boy; four times in one day isn't healthy
|Charlotte|
"Charlotte, hurry the fuck up!" Zach shouted from outiside my room although to me it sounded as if he was right next to my ear. 
"Yeah, I'm coming." I called back, pulling on some leggings and a large Creme sweater. 
I tied my curly blonde hair into a pony tail swiftly before exiting the room, trying to put my black converse on at the same time; It was hard. 
"Thank fuck. Why the hell am I your fucking alarm?" My brother groaned. 
"Why can't you fucking set your own alarm." My brother tended to be a little cranky in the mornings. Okay, a little is an understatement. 
"I swear, one day I'm going to rinse your mouth out with soap and hope it will work." I rolled my eyes, opening the car door. 
Macon Hill High School was one of the best in the state. 
I loved our school for many reasons one being, we were able to wear our own clothes. For some that was good and for some it was bad. For me, uniform felt like you had 5 layers on. I hated it. 
One reason I hated our school was because of the way it was divided. I know that every school has its groups but our school was by far the worst-in my opinion. 
You had your typical nerds, jocks and cheerleaders but added onto that, behind the school you had the bad boy hang out. Behind the school was where my crush, Samuel Ryder Black hung out with his little crew of bad boys. I didn't know if other schools had this category but here, it existed. 
Anyway, back onto Samuel Ryder Black. Sam wasn't your cliché bad boy; he wasn't popular. At least not here. He was classed as a hipster and hipsters weren't liked at our school. 
Yeah, he was hot but that wasn't what mattered here, what mattered was your personality. And Sam was not popular material.
How much money you had was also top of the list. Sam was filthy rich but clearly didn't shown it; his skinny ripped grey jeans and leather jacket were the only thing he wore. 
Another reason to his unpopularity was his step-sister. She vowed to make his life a living hell if he even stepped foot in her territory. It was hers. Both the siblings couldn't share it.
How did I know all this? No, I'm not a stalker but my best friend Riley Ava Smith used to be part of the popular team before she left them and found me, during sophomore year. She never told me why she left, probably because I didn't really care, as long as she was here now. 
When I got out of the car Zach ditched me. I didn't expect any more from him. 
He had an 'image' to uphold, apparently. 
"And he's gone." Riley muttered. 
"Riley, I don't need to know about your feelings for my brother." She smirked. 
"He's hot. That's it." I grimaced. 
"Please. Don't." She laughed. 
"How was your summer, Char?" I shrugged. 
"It was pretty average. Same holiday in Spain soaking up the sun." 
"Your so lucky you can tan." She grabbed both our schedules and handed me mine. 
We found our lockers, only a few away from each other. 
"I don't know. Sometimes I wished I had pale skin like yours." She scoffed. 
Enjoy! Sorry if there is a lot of mistakes. This stupid thing doesn't have spell check.
P.s Don't read if you don't like the whole lesbian thing.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I wasn't here because I wanted to be. I was here because I was forced to be; forced by my monster of a mother, Melody Montgomery.
My mother was a part of the high-class country golf club. The men, who included my father, Hal, in the club played golf, bragging about the success of their businesses and the large sums of money while their wives drank tea, planned parties and bragged about their oh so well put together sons and daughters.
The women raised money by holding a plethora of charity events to be able to fund the club without having to have the money come out of their deep pockets. It gave them purpose.
Usually my mother doesn't involve me in her schemes to show off to the other women, that's my sister Gwendolyn's job. I am not what you could call very social. I'm barely able to speak when it comes to people I am not very familiar with, so that leaves my sister to be the socialite of the family.
Since I turn into a stuttering idiot when people are around me, my mother brags about how amazing my sister is and takes her to the fancy get together the club holds and leaves me at home.
Not that I'm complaining or anything. I'd rather read a book and be left alone anyways.
But this time my mother just refused to leave me alone. She claimed it was life or death.
My mother's grand plan for a fundraiser this week was a carnival. With all the ferries wheels, cheap roller coasters, greasy corn dogs, and creepy clowns that came with them. Every job was to be done by the children of the country club members so they didn't have to pay for employees.
There was one job that didn't have someone working it, most likely because it was the most unappealing even next to the person who cleans the leftover garbage. Since I was the only offspring left of every member in the country club, I was stuck working at the kissing booth.
I know, I know it sounds like I'm over exaggerating, but I'm not. Not only is it embarrassing as hell, it's disgusting. Sure, you get to kiss a couple of cute guys here and there, but then come along the old geezers that probably haven't been kissed by anyone in years or the people that just don't know how to keep their saliva to themselves.
Oh, and if you're pretty, you're lucky enough to get a whole line of people just waiting to put their grimy lips against yours.
I'm extremely lucky, because I was born with my mother long flowing blonde locks and my dad's sea green eyes. Where I live is a natural blonde is like God's gift or something. I wasn't ugly or anything, quite the opposite actually. But my bright sea green eyes were usually hidden behind the lens of my glasses, the curves of my body covered by my baggy clothes, my hair was unkempt when I don't feel like brushing it through. I wasn't the type to get all dolled up.
And the worst part about the whole kissing booth ordeals was I was forced out of the clothes I was comfortable in and stuffed into a square neckline knee length white summer dress that flared out at the waist. The dress wasn't hideous, it just wasn't my thing. It made me feel extremely awkward, and to put the cherry on top she was making me wear pale yellow heels to go along with it. The curves of my body could be seen a mile away.
To make sure my mother came out on top of making more money than the other women she even tried to curl my hair. Lucky me, my sister was having a hair crisis herself so mother just ran a comb through my hair to make it look presentable.
E p i g r a p h
"The flower that blooms in the face of adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all." ~Mulan

E x t e n d e d   S u m m a r y
Basketball had always been the thing that Dean Adams loved the most, but in the aftermath of a devastating accident, he finds the future he always dreamed of threatened by the reality that he may never play again. 
That's when Katie Reynolds stumbles head first into his life, pushing him to re-evaluate his future, and see that not every situation is simply black and white. But with her own secrets tearing her up inside, there's only one thing they're both sure of - they're going to need each other to heal what's been broken. 

A u t h o r ' s   N o t e
I'd just like to start of with saying that this novel is a spin-off to its predecessor - Behind The Scenes. However, while it is recommended, you do not need to read that novel before this one, as this takes place over three years after its epilogue. 
When coming up for ideas for a new story, this plot sort of worked itself out on it's own, and then as soon as I imagined Dean as one of the leading characters, I couldn't not make this a spin-off. I know that many of you have enjoyed my prior stories, and I hope this story brings you just as much happiness.
Also, this story will be told in alternating points of view - both Katie's and Dean's - so I ask you all to bear with me, as it is the first time I am writing like this. Now all you guys have to do is add this story to your reading lists and wait for the magic to begin!
Dear reader,

Thanks a lot for choosing to read my story!
I really hope you enjoy.
Don't forget to vote, comment and share! ^_^

~ Mandy.
  Meu maior medo é viver sozinho e não ter fé para receber um mundo diferente e não ter paz para se despedir. Meu maior medo é almoçar sozinho, jantar sozinho e me esforçar em me manter ocupado para não provocar compaixão dos garçons. Meu maior medo é ajudar as pessoas porque não sei me ajudar. Meu maior medo é desperdiçar espaço em uma cama de casal, sem acordar durante a chuva mais revolta, sem adormecer diante da chuva mais branda. Meu maior medo é a necessidade de ligar a tevê enquanto tomo banho. Meu maior medo é conversar com o rádio em engarrafamento. Meu maior medo é enfrentar um final de semana sozinho depois de ouvir os programas de meus colegas de trabalho. Meu maior medo é a segunda-feira e me calar para não parecer estranho e anti-social. Meu maior medo é escavar a noite para encontrar um par e voltar mais solteiro do que antes. Meu maior medo é não conseguir acabar uma cerveja sozinho. Meu maior medo é a indecisão ao escolher um presente para mim. Meu maior medo é a expectativa de dar certo na família, que não me deixa ao menos dar errado. Meu maior medo é escutar uma música, entender a letra e faltar uma companhia para concordar comigo. Meu maior medo é que a metade do rosto que apanho com a mão seja convencida a partir com a metade do rosto que não alcanço. Meu maior medo é escrever para não pensar.— Carpinejar (trecho de Pais e filhos maridos e esposas II)  

"Riley!"
I quickly walked to my father who was just walking in from work. 
"Riley, have you finished making my dinner?", my father asked in a sickly sweet voice. 
"Yes Father it is cooling on the dinner table", I timidly stared into his charcoal eyes as I replied. My father and I shared the same black hair but I have blue eyes while he has black ones.
"Good now did you unpack your things into your room already?", he asked eyeing me with disgust.
"Yes I have already finished unpacking my things, Father."
He walked into the kitchen to eat his dinner as I started towards the fridge get his beer.
Eating with a mouth full of food, he asked me, "Do you know that you are starting school tomorrow, Riley?"
"Yes Father I know.", I say while setting down his beer in front of him.
"Good. Good. You know what to do don't 'cha?"
I recited the rules he had set up for me,"No making friends, avoid all conversations directed to me, and don't tell anyone what's happening at home."
"Mmhm.... now just obey those rules and the school year will go smoothly, I hope. You won't want your dear father to look for another house now do you Riley?"
"No trouble will happen this year Father. No trouble at all."
-
When my dad finished his dinner and three cans of beer, he stumbled out of the kitchen and into his bedroom. Soon I could hear his loud snores filling the silent air. 
I sighed as got up to clear his plates and wash them. I climbed up the stairs to my peach colored room and stripped off my clothes to put on a tank top and shorts. 
Deciding to just go straight to bed, I crawled into bed and fell into unconsciousness.
-
I woke up to the sound of my alarm clock ringing and quickly got out of bed to get my clothes for school.
I jumped into the shower and scrubbed every inch of my body. Then I got out and dried myself. I put on my under garments and threw a sweater and jeans over my petite body.
I walked over to my bathroom mirror and stared at the blue eyed girl who was looking right back at me. I lifted my hand and touched my cheek where there was a fading bruise that was made by my dad.
I blinked, brushed my hair, quickly brushed my teeth and sprinted down the stairs. for breakfast I made myself toast because my daddy dearest already left for work.
Making sure to lock the house door when leaving, I speed walked all the way to school. It took 10 minutes to reach my destination.
I looked up from the ground to look at my new school, Kingston High. Sighing, I pushed open the doors to a busy hallway.
-
Ashton's POV
"Ashton! Ashton! Ashton!"
Groaning in irritation, I turned away from my unbelievably annoying sister, Jessica. Don't get me wrong but I love her to bits but times like this, I'm wondering if I'm making the right choices.
"Ashton! Ashton! Ashton!"
"Shut up Jessica!"
"But Ashton you're going to be late on your first day of school!"
At this, I jumped out of bed and ran to the shower. Quickly drying myself, I picked out my clothes. Boxers, white V-neck tee, dark washed jeans, and black leather jacket.
I walked down the stairs to find my brothers with their mates sitting around our usual table. I went up to my mom and placed a kiss on her cheek.
"Morning."
"Good morning Ashton!", My mom beamed at me. I sat down said morning to my siblings and their mates as well. 
Then Sophie, Brandon's mate, asked me, "Hey Ashton, have you found your mate yet?"
I looked down at my food, "No I haven't."
I then took out my headphones and started listening to music, ignoring the stares of the wolves around me.
Soon we were all loading into the cars along with some of the teen wolves who lives in the pack house.
Leaning my head against the side window watching trees zoom by, I blew out an inaudible sigh and closed my eyes.
I was thinking of my mate. Of how perfect she would be. How beautiful she'd be. Oh how I could show her off to everyone...
I snapped out of my daydream when I notice we arrived at Kingston High. We parked at our reserved spot. As we got out, it was like those movies when everything slows down and everyone is watching you step out of the car. So yeah us Slades are popular in Kingston, but we aren't players. We like to wait for our mates to come before we do anything. 
Our car was soon swarmed by a whole bunch of the student body. 
"Hey Ashton..."
I turned around and mentally groaned when I saw her. The girl wearing the extra mini skirt and a crop top, Erin. Her face was caked with make up and her bleach blonde hair was cascading down her back. She looked up at me with blue eyes out lined with mascara and eye liner.
"Oh. Hi Erin", I say not sure what to do. I looked at my siblings for help but they only looked at me with pity.
"Look Erin, I have to go. Nice seeing you again"- as if -"bye!", I rushed away from her and towards my brothers and their mates.
"Come on let's go before she comes after me again!", I ran into the school building with them chuckling behind me.
People parted to the sides of the hallway for us to pass through, staring at us in awe. Then I smelled something delicious. Something that smelled like vanilla and coconut. I quickly looked around before finally finding the source.
She was small and had her long dark hair tumbling down her back. She also had beautiful big blue eyes looking around like a lost puppy. Her skin was flawless and though she was wearing a sweater and jeans, she still looked beautiful.
I felt my wolf coming out and something he said made me tingle with excitement:
"Mate"
~
So how did I do? Did you spot any mistakes? Thanks for reading! 
Comment
Vote
Follow
~b00kster ^.^
Candace
Odiaba haber olvidado desactivar la alarma; Odiaba tener una gloriosa resaca; Odiaba haber ido a esa estúpida fiesta; Odiaba a Ryan por haberme concebido de ir.
Logan
¿Quién demonios pone una alarma a las 06:00am un día sábado?. Por una maldita razón se le llama fin de semana.
No escuela. No madrugar. NO alarmas (y más si tienes una maldita resaca).
«Es a una blonde a quien tienes al lado, Logan»
Rubias. Mientras más oxigenadas, más tontas.
Me estiro por sobre la maraña de rizos rubios hasta llegar al aparato infernal que perturba mi sueño.
Candace
Con la cabeza aún enterrada en la almohada, adormilada y sin poder abrir los ojos totalmente estiro mi brazo hasta mi teléfono para poder apag...
¿¡Por qué demonios hay una mano sobre la mía!?
Me sobresalto, apartando mi mano de un tirón. Llevo mi mano a mi cara para apar...
¿¡QUÉ DEMONIOS!?¿¡Dónde esta mi maldita ropa!?
Tiro de la sabanas en un vano intento de cubrirme, enredandome con ellas al levantarme de la cama ocasionando que caiga al suelo.
-Blonde.
Levanto la cabeza al escuchar su voz.
Solo puedo decir ¡Mierda!
Logan
¡Mierda!
¿Por qué de entre todas las jodidas chicas que fueron a la maldita fiesta tenia que haber dormido justo con ella?
¿Por qué tenia que ser la nerd?
-¿Nosotros...? ¡Esto nunca paso!-exclamanos al mismo tiempo.
La noche anterior...
Candace
La botella gira y gira hasta detenerse en mi y una chica de cabello azul.
-¿Reto o prenda?-Reto-ni de coña pienso desnudarme frente a todos. Estoy ebria mas no soy estúpida.-Te reto a...-frunce los labios mientras piensa-tener sexo con...¡con Logan!. Te reto a tener sexo con Logan.-No-niego sin dudarlo.-Si no piensas cumplir el reto mejor dile adiós a tus vaqueros.-Preparada para el mejor sexo que tendrás en tu vida-dice Logan frente a mi.
«Preparado para el mejor puñetazo que te darán en la tuya»
Me levanto y subo las escaleras sin mirarlo siquiera, no necesito voltear para ver si me sigue, se que lo hace, puedo oír sus pasos tras de mi.
-La puerta a la izquierda es mi habitación, rubia.
Intento abrirla pero esta trabada. Logan se detiene a mi lado y saca una llave de su bolsillo.
-Nadie a parte de mi tendrá sexo en mi cama.
«Si te preocupan los gérmenes tal vez no deberías dormir en ella, la mayor plaga eres tu»
Entra y yo lo sigo, apenas pongo un pies en su habitación cuando ya me tiene acorralada contra la puerta, esta demasiado cerca, intento empujarlo pero él es más fuerte ( y que pecho el tiene). 
Su respiración se mezcla con la mía, y puedo oler el alcohol en ella, al igual que su costosa colonia. Estamos muy cerca, y por alguna razón la distancia entre nosotros es cada vez más pequeña. Inexistente diría yo, nuestros labios se rozan debido a la cercanía. Solo hace falta acortar la distancia para poder besarnos, y eso es justamente lo que él hace.
Me besa con desesperación, y no se detiene hasta levantarme de la cintura y llevarme a la cama sin dejar de besarme. Nuestra ropa empieza a desaparecer y yo solo espero no recordar nada de esto mañana.
A la mañana siguiente...
Logan
Me levanto de la cama y camino hasta donde esta ella en el piso. Tomo su brazo bruscamente levantándola de un tirón.
-Esto...-hago señas entra nosotros y la cama-.Nunca paso.-No tienes ni que mencionarlo.
*Riiiiinnggggggg*
"Walanjo naman oh! Umaaga na naman. Tss"
Hayst. Umaaga na naman. Ang masama pa 1st Day of school. Newbie ako sa School na yun. Concuero High School. Private school. Well. Pangmayaman lang naman yung School na yun. Ewan ko kay Daddy. Masaya naman sa dati kong pinapasukan. Bat kelangan pa magbago ng school. Siguro nalaman nila😧. Emeged. Nagpaflashback na naman! Tangna! Zeke! Patahimikin mo buhay ko!
Ginawa ko na ang Morning Rituals ko. Pasok na CR. Wiee
LigoLigoLigoShampoo....Sabon...Hugas ng ano.....Toothbrush...
30 mins sa CRAkala nyo mabilis lang no? Haha. Pinakamabilis ko ng paliligo yan! Malelate na ko eh! Huhuhu.Oh my😨. I forgot to introduce my self?!. Hihi
By the way. My name is Vanessa Leondle. Essa for short. 16 years old. 3rd year na ko. May ari kami ng isang Salon. Leondle Salon. Soon to be owner ako. May isa akong bestfriend. Si Cassandra Santos. Cassy tawag ko sknya pero the day after my bday. She died. She died because of me. Hanggang ngayon di ko parin napapatawad sarili ko😢. Everytime na maalala ko yung pagkamatay nya. Nalulungkot ako. Umiiyak. Mas masakit mawalan ng Girlbestfriend na 9 years mong kasama😢. Sabay na halos kaming lumaki. No more drama. Sa mga susunod na chapter. Malalaman nyo ang whole story. 
Di ko napansin na andito na pla ko sa School.
"Mang Toni. Salamat po. Pasundo nalang po mamayang uwian." ako at tumango sya
Iba't ibang mukha na naman ang makikita ko. Masyadong sossy mga tao dito. Halatang lahat sila Mayayaman. Tsk. Mayayaman at magaganda nga. Halata namang bobo. Tss. A bunch of girls get my attention. Agad akong lumapit para tignan. At Booommm!
4 na lalaki ang lumitaw. I admit gwapo sila. Halata ding sikat sila dito. As if i care. Wala akong panahon para pagmasdan kung paano sila makipaglandian. Tsk. PDA na kaya! Hmf! Private school pa naman din
"Flirts" bulong ko at biglang tumahimik ang lahat. Oh oh. Here comes the trouble.
"What did you say?" Girl 1
"Bingi ka ba? Dba nga sabi ko MALANDI KAYO" Kinadiinan ko talaga yung word na malandi. Go! Essa! Kaya mo yan!
"Baka ikaw" Maarteng sabi ng isang babae
"Wow ha?! Ako talaga ha? Ano kaya sa tingin nyo ginagawa nyo? Well siguro nga sadyang malalandi talaga kayo. Since birth" ako at umalis na. Sila? Ayon. Naiwan nakanganga
Akala ata uurungan ko. Hinde porket newbie ako dito magpapatalo na ko! No! Hindeng hinde. Tss. Biglang may sumulpot na lalaki sa harap ko. Tsk. Isa to sa mga kupal na nakita ko knina eh.
"Hey" he said while smiling
"Problema mo?" Ako
"Wala lang. I just want to know what is your name😊" sya
"Tanong mo sa tatay ko" ako at umalis na. Makabwisit yung mga taong ganun. Tsk. Narinig ko namang May sumigaw ng BOOOO. At pagtingin ko sa likod ko. Nakita kong inaasar sya nung tatlo nya pang kasama. Find my care.
"Nako. Nasaan na bga tong bldg. (Building) na to?!" Pabulong ko sabi
"Ano bang nakalagay dyan?" May sumabat na naman. Omy! Ang pogi! No no no. Erase erase.
"4th floor, Building 5" simpleng sagot ko
"Oh?. Tara sabay na tayo. Dun din ako eh" Sya. At hinila ako. Langya. Feeling close ah. 
Sumakay kami sa elevetor. Napakasosyal ng school na to. Grabe! Pinidot nya yung 4th floor. After 2 mins. Nakarating din kami.
May inabutan kaming matandang babae. Mukhang nagMemenopause ata to ah.
"Mr. Buenaventura! First day of class! Late ka naman! Sino na naman yang kasama mo na yan?" Yung matandang teacher at tumingin sakin
"Im Vanessa Leondle. Newbie ako" Sagot ko ng walang emosyon
"Well, You may two sit down." Sabi nung teacher. Halata naman sakanyang nawala yung inis niya dahil sinabi kong newbie ako. Antanga naman niya kong papagalitan niya pa ko. Hayst
"Hi, ako pla si Jake Buenaventura and you are?" Jake
"Vanessa Leondle😊" Ako while smiling
"Ah. Okay. Nice meeting you Van😊" Jake
"Van?" Ako
"Yes. From now on yan na itatawag ko sayo☺" Jake
"Okay sabi mo eh" ako at nagsimula na kaming makinig dun sa matandang teacher
Freshman Year
As I walked down the hallway with my girls he caught my eye. We had a stare down which seemed to last forever. He looked so grown up, so mature, so sexy! Our eye contact broke from the chatter of our friends. "Oh my gosh look at him he's perfect!" Paris gushed. "Who?" I asked her. "Tanner!" She glowed."Girl he is FIRE!" Tiffany said as she giggled. "I don't understand what you guys see in him he's is ugly." Amelia time sounded non convincing" Amelia I think somebody messed with your make up and blurred your vision even I can't act like he's not fine!" Tiffany replied looking at her crazy." well I'm happy with my teddy bear!" Amelia said walking up to kiss him. we all awed and left them to privacy. "Ya know I went to Elementary School with him!" I stated."I bet you he was fine then!" Paris stated."He wasn't my type then." I smiled Tiffany stood there frozen. I looked at her then the direction she was staring and saw Tanner. We all gushed for a minute. I walked over to him and started talking with butterflies in my stomach as big as FLAMINGOS! "You did great at the Football game." I said nonchalantly. "Thanks." He peeked up as he put stuff in his locker. I played it off as if I didn't remember who he was even though I knew exactly who he was. "Hey what Elementary School did you go to." "Coyote Hills." He said That's a middle school. "Elementary School." I smiled. "Oh uh Eagle Soar." He said still putting stuff in his locker. "I think I remember you, that's where I went." I said. " I remember you." He said not making a lot of eye contact. "We'll ill see you around." I said walking away. "Yeah see ya." He ended the convoWell that was aka ward but I'm surprised words even came out my mouth. "Omg! Tell us what happened" Paris grabbed my arm tight. "Soooo.... I started.
Hey guys Check out my new Story "Meadows's Burn" thank guys!!
The Badboy, The Sat Nav and Me
Preface: Putting Plans into motion. 
The Bad boy, The Sat Nav and Me
                “No, Mum, I wasn’t anywhere near the shootings,” I drawled, leaning back against Hunter. I could hear her flustered sigh through the receiver which just made me grit my teeth in frustration. The woman worried far too much. Okay, granted that there was a major shootout at the strip club down the road, about ten people were found dead and I was actually in the building on my knees with a gun to my head. But I was okay and she clearly knew that as I was on the phone talking to her, not chilling out at the local morgue.
                “It was right down the road that you live on, sweetie. You have to understand my concern!” she exclaimed. I held the phone away from my ear when the pitch of her voice increased.
                “I know, I know. I was back at the apartment studying, everything was fine. I didn’t even hear anything.” Hunter’s fingers were tracing circles on my bare knee and his breath was hot on my neck.
                “Does your father know about this?” she asked. Yes, my dad knew about everything to do with the shootout and he also knew about my plans to go to Italy with Hunter. That conversation had been kind of awkward, considering that up until yesterday, he thought that my boyfriend was gay. Eventually, after using my innocent voice and talking to Ashley, his new wife, he’d agreed to let me spend three weeks over there with Hunter and my friends.
                “Yes. Also, I have something to ask you,” I replied after leaving a pause for dramatic effect. Well, mainly to prep myself for the yelling that was about to come through the phone. There was no way in hell that she’d be happy about it.
                “Go on.” Yep, she sounded aggravated already.
                “Well, I’m planning a trip abroad.” She didn’t let me get any further.
                “Do you have any idea how much this is going to cost? Let alone how many injections, travel insurance, health insurance costs you’re going to have to deal with! You haven’t finished your term yet and you won’t have any adult supervision with you, Andrea. You clearly haven’t thought this through.” I looked up at Hunter who was biting his lip to stop smirking. If someone supplied me with a wall, I would quite happily smash my skull against it.
                “Mum, I have thought this through. Dad said yes and he agreed to help pay for things! As for health insurance and injections, it’s not as if I’m going to Arctic to stay in an icecap for three weeks, is it?” I asked and she huffed. I should’ve gone for the suck up routine rather than the sassy smart ass approach.
                “Your father is clearly deluded and don’t use that tone with me,” she warned. Hunter couldn’t stop the smirk this time so I swatted his arm, turning my back against him again.
                “He’s not deluded, he’s being reasonable. I don’t even know why I bothered asking permission, I’m nineteen, I can make my own decisions,” I hissed.
                “Excuse me?”
                “Hunter’s going! You remember him?” There was a pause on the other end of the line. No way in hell would my mother ever forget Hunter. For two hours when she came to visit, she turned into a complete cougar and if I wasn’t there, I was sure that she’d have lured him into the bedroom.
 "James?" I whisper leaning over in the taxi seat and I shake my little brother's shoulder. "James, it's time to wake up." He opens his sleepy eyes and I smile. "We're here." "Really?" He asks sitting up and pressing his face against the window. I follow his gaze to the small simple cream colored house surrounded by trees. "Come on lets get our things and check out the house." I suggest and he nods jumping out of the taxi as Charles the taxi driver opens my door. "Thank you." I say stepping out and paying him the money before going to grab the bags out of the trunk. "Will that be all?" He asks. "Yes thank you, let us just grab our bags." James grabs his lime green and black bags while I grab my bright blue and black ones. I use the key and open the front door to reveal a large room packed with our furniture and cardboard boxes. "I guess the moving truck already arrived." I say smiling as I place my bags down, I look at the off white walls with a wooden trim and nod my approval. "Whoa!" James exclaims from on the other side of the house. "I call this room!" I roll my eyes and watch out the door as Charles drives off. I close the door and lock it before observing the house.There are two bedrooms, two bathrooms, three large closets ,a laundry room, kitchen, living room and dinning room. I walk into James room to see all his furniture in the corner like I'd asked. "Need help?" I ask and he nods smiling as he jumps onto the bed. "Alrighty, where do you want the bed?" I ask and he points to the far corner. I move the bed against the wall and then move the dresser, toy box, and whatever else to the spot he wanted. I then place all the rest of his things away neatly before having him change into his Spider-Man pjs. "But sis, I'm not tired." He whines. "We'll go explore tomorrow, but for now you're gonna rest while I go finish unpacking okay?" I say tucking him in his Spider-Man blankets. "Awe...okay." He mumbles and I gave him a hug and kiss before turning off the light and closing the door. I put my music on and I clean up, sort and decorate the other rooms staying quiet so James can sleep. I start to sing along as Angel With A Shotgun starts to play, after a few hours I finally finish cleaning, I glance at the clock to see its already four in the morning and I frown. "You gotta be kidding me." I grumble rubbing my eyes as I turn the lights out and walk into my room which I already decorated and grab my pjs which is an oversized Spider-Man t-shirt and matching shorts. I quickly brush my long brown hair before plopping down onto my bed and snuggle into the soft black blankets until I drift off into a nightmare.
           "Come on Elizabeth,  you must go" summer my best friend said. "I don't want to those parties aren't for me" I said "come Eli it will be fun I promise" she said. "No summer I don't want to go and end of discussion" I said getting up and exit her apartment I don't know why I came here in the first place oh yes because I have to many bills to pay and I am stressed out. "Eli you are not going anywhere,  you are going back into that apartment and your going to get ready to go to that club, you have said no many times, but this time I won't pass it, I mean look at you, you should live life." She said. That is summer my best friend since the first day of freshmen year a short, model looking girl blond with pink highlighted hair she could have been the popular girl in school,  but she decided to stay with me, plain me a average height girl dark brown hair, gray eyes, and a size six in pants. I am the calm girl while she is the party type of girl. I took a deep breath and said "fine, but I get to pick what I wear." I said. She squealed happily and gave me a hug "I knew it, okay then let's go we have two hours to get ready" she said as she pulled me back into her apartment. We walked to her closet which was basically full of party clothes "Eli this one will look fabulous on you" she said. I looked at the dress it was a few inches above the knee, the dress was a strapless shiny red,  and had some cuts where the waist is supposed to go, on both sides. I looked at the dress and at her closet full of dresses I think this was the best one and besides it was beautiful. I nodded and said "this is the one" "oh I have some beautiful sparkly gold stilettos to go with it, and I know how I am going to do your hair"she said as she run to another small closet where she had all her shoes. This girl has a store in her apartment. Then she came back with a pair of gold sparkly stilettos in her hand. The good thing is her clothes fitted me perfectly fine except on me they were shorter,  but she always had dresses in there that fitted perfectly fine.  We where the same shoe size too. She handed me the shoes and made me sit down in a chair that she dragged from her kitchen.  She did my hair in curls and then pinned them to my left side and brought all my curls to the left. "Okay I can do my makeup" I said. "Okay If you say so" she said. She went to the bathroom to change in a blue strapless dress and black high heels. She did her hair in a bun, and added a bunch of make up on her face and the brightest red lipstick she could find on. I on the other hand put on light make up on and a light red the lightest I could find. "Ready" she asked "ready" I said. Getting out of my bag a small glass bottle of Perfume that she gave me for my birthday two months ago. We got in her car and off we went to this party of hers.           Once we got there she parked her car and we walked to the entrance the line was super long. "How are we getting in" I asked her "you will see" she said. "Excuse me VIP right here coming through" said summer as we walked through the line. Many gave us death glares as we walked through.  "Let me see you VIP cards" said a tall guy with a black suit and black glasses hidding his eyes. Summer handed the guy two cards and the guy said "you may go ladies" he said as he opened the glass door. Music was playing loud "Die young" by Ke$ha. "Come on let's have a drink relax,  have some fun." Said summer we walked to the bar "what will you like to drink" asked the bartender. "Wat- she will like a vodka" said summer interrupting me "and I will like a martini" she said he nodded and a few seconds later he handed us our glasses. "We will pay for these beautiful ladies drinks" said a boy's voice. I turned around to see two boy's around our age standing in front from us, both looking at us. "Hello I am Xavier,  and this is my friend Chris" said the dark blonde hair and green eye boy. He looked at me and I said "I am Elizabeth and this is my friend Summer" I said. "N- thank you we will accept that" said summer again interrupting me twice now I glared at her. She hit me in the stomach I hit her elbow.  "Would you like to dance" said the boy named Chris to summer.  Obviously you all know what summer said "yes I will love too" as she walked away with him drinking her glass. I just stared at her shocked I mean I was expecting that but I still can't believe she left me with a stranger. So I drank all the glass in one shot. "Hey be careful there" said the boy named Xavier as he sat down next to me. Together we ordered a bunch of different drinks.
************a few hours later************
        I woke up with a huge headache and something heavy on my stomach.  I opened my eyes to see a arm around my waist a muscular arm. I looked to who it belonged and it shocked me Xavier.  He was in deep sleep I got out of bed trying my best to not wake him up. I grabbed my clothes that was on the floor and put it on as quickly as possible. "This didn't happen" I said and closed the door behind me. 
❥• Author's Note
To the fellow coffee lovers out there.
To the fellow hopeless romantics out there.
To the fellow romance novel addicts out there.
This one's for you.
❥• Blurb
One encounter. One statement. One true love.
Eighteen year old coffee addict Kennedy Evans isn't sure how to feel about love. The only thing she knows for certain is that she doesn't believe in it. However, her entire viewpoint on love is challenged when an attractive, narcissistic stranger named Carter spills his coffee on her one winter morning. 
She finds him infuriating. He finds her intriguing. And when Carter is given a fateful opportunity, he dares to give Kennedy a bet that could change both of their lives forever:
"Give me a chance and I bet that you'll fall in love with me by the end of it all."
This is a story about letting go of pride, healing from the hurt, and ultimately, exploring the exciting ups and downs of falling in love. 
❥• Genres
- Teen Fiction
- Romance
❥• Playlist
Chapter 1: Shut Up and Dance by Walk the Moon 
Chapter 2: Ready to Go (Get Me Out of My Mind) by Panic! at the Disco 
Chapter 3: Ain't It Fun by Paramore 
Chapter 4: White Flag by Sabrina Carpenter 
Chapter 5: Out of My League by Fitz and the Tantrums 
Chapter 6: Take Care by A Change of Pace 
Chapter 7: Everything Has Changed by Taylor Swift feat. Ed Sheeran 
Chapter 8: Wild by Troye Sivan 
Chapter 9: Let It Go by James Bay 
Chapter 10: Say You Like Me by We the Kings 
Chapter 11: Heart Out by The 1975 
Chapter 12: Real Love by Florrie
Chapter 13: All About Us by He Is We
Chapter 14: I'm Good by The Mowgli's
Chapter 15: Fools by Lauren Aquilina
Chapter 16: Sunset by The xx
Chapter 17: Why Try by Ariana Grande
To be edited/continued...
❥• Status
Ongoing (currently writing)
❥• Credits
Cover: @infallibles
Trailer: Toobigofadreamer
❥• Note
The main character of this story can be quite sarcastic. This story is rated PG-13 due to some language.
Copyright © 2015 by @infallibles™. 
All Rights Reserved ® No part of this story may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without prior consent of the author.
Thank You For Reading My Book . For Some People Who Hasn't Read The Summary My Main Character Is A 220 Pound Curvy Girl Who Happens To Meet With Playboy Tyler . My Book Will Have Updates Every Week On Monday . Text Me If You Have Any Qustions :) Mwah Kisses And Rainbows 
Leanna's P.O.V
"Jake" I yelled. "Give me my bra back!" Jake started laughing evilly and yelled "Never!" Then with a sudden swift movement I tackled him to the ground and pinned his arms down. "Get off......to fat.....can't breath." Jake struggled to say. I snatched my bra back and ran to my room and made sure I locked my room door. So now that I'm alone, let me explain what had happened.
I was in the middle of getting ready to go to bed and I was putting all of my clean clothes away. Then, when I was almost done Jake came in to tell me good night. Then he saw my bra and put it on and started dancing around, which led to me chasing him. 
After all of that, I jumped in my bed and pulled the duvet up to my shoulder and snuggled into my pillow. I was just dosing off to sleep when I got a text message. I unlocked my phone to see two new messages, both from my best friends. Courtney and Justin. They texted me to wish me luck for the first day of my new school and I replied saying thank you. Then quickly after that I fell asleep.
---------
I woke up to someone shaking me and saying my name. "Leanna," My brother said. "Wake up or you are going to be late." When I heard that I shot up and glanced the time.5:55. I had to be at school at 7:00 which gave me an hour to get ready. I got up and groaned. I don't like school but I don't hate it. Partly because I don't like doing work but I like seeing my friends. 
I quickly jumped into the shower and let the warm beads of water pour down my body. I started to think about my new school, and how things changed after the accident. I know I  changed a lot, I went from a nerd to a bad girl. After that I got out the shower and got dressed. I decided to wear a white crop top with a black bow on it, black skinny jeans, my converses and my black beanie. I went downstairs and served myself cereal and sat down with my brother. I noticed him looking at me while shaking his head."What?" I asked Jake.
He replied "Your going to school like that?" I frowned.
"What's wrong with my outfit?"
"I could see your piercings." he replied.
I looked down and noticed that you can see my stomach and hip piercings as clear as daylight. I looked back up and shrugged.
"So?" I retorted
"You'll get in trouble" he replied
"I don't care what they have to say." I said.
Jake sighed. "Look Leanna, I don't care about what you do as long as you don't get fined, or arrested. So please for the love of God, behave as good as you possibly can."
"Ok, I can try, but I can't guarantee that I won't get arrested or fined. " I replied smirking. He just shook his head and laughed.
When we finished breakfast, he drove me to school. When we got there, he walked me to the main office. While we were walking people were staring at us because two years ago, when I was 14 and he was 17, Jake used to go to this school.(I'm now 16 and Jake is 19.) When he did go to the school he was the bad boy who broke girls hearts. He was known around town for things he did. There was a time when he was in a gang and he was dealing drugs. My parents thought it was a good idea to move. We later found out that it turned out to be a horrible choice. 
When we made it to the office I received my schedule, my locker number and my locker combination. Then I had said bye to my brother and started walking to my locker.
As I was walking I bumped into something and flew to the floor. Or shall I say someone.
I looked up to see a relatively tall guy with hazel eyes and dark brown hair maybe even black. He reached his hand out to me to help me up, which I gladly took. Once I got up I wiped the dirt off my pants.
"Hi, my name is Dylan. I'm assuming your new here right?" He asked with a charming smile that would make any girl swoon. I will admit he looked pretty hot. I smirked and nodded my head and I asked him, "Can you help me find my locker. This school is huge." He nodded his head and started to walk me to my locker. I thanked him before he walked away while shouting down the hall, "See you around." With that being said he winked at me and continued to walk down the hallway.
I opened my locker to see some books in there. I put up some pictures of my best friends and a mirror. I grabbed the book I would need for first period and closed my locker. When I closed my locker there was a girl with black hair and two kind of greenish-blueish streaks in her hair standing there. She also had an eyebrow ring on her left eyebrow and her eyes were a grayish color.
"Hey. My name is Alex." She said.
"My name is Leanna, can you show me where room 249 is?"
"Yeah, can I see your schedule?"
"Sure." I replied handing her my schedule. She looked it over carefully before she handed it back to me and said, "We have our first two periods together and also our last period."
I smiled and said "That's cool. " Right as those words left my mouth some girl bumped into Alex. "Watch where your going! " Alex yelled.
I smiled at how Alex handled the situation. I also couldn't help but feel bad for that girl. She looked like a typical nerd, big glasses and lots of books, she also seemed shy and innocent. I remember when I was like her.
"What are you smiling about?" Alex asked bringing me out from my thoughts.
"Oh nothing, just thinking that we are gonna be really good friends." I replied.
She laughed before saying, "You got that right. " and hooked her arm through mine as we walked to class together, ignoring the people that were staring at us.
I might just actually like this school after all.
“You’re afraid of temptation.” He said pinning me to the wall.
“No, I’m not.” I snapped at him. Who am I kidding? Yes, I am.
He leaned closer nearly brushing his lips against mine. My breath caught in my throat and he grinned.
“Your breath and your pulse give you away, Barbie.” He said not pulling away. “I think you’re scared you’ll get hurt and you don’t want any commitments. You don’t take chances.”
“I’m a cheerleader…I take chances all the time.” I pointed out shifting and accidently brushed my hips against his. This time I heard his breath catch in his throat. Now I smiled. “Who’s tempted now?”
“I’m always tempted.” He whispered in my ear.
There was a moment of silence where we just looked in each other’s eyes before I whispered to him again. “Tempt me.”
He leaned forward crushing his lips to mine pulling me closer by my waist as my fingers got caught in his hair. He knows how to tempt people.
**
Sage moves to a new town and tries out for the cheerleading team and everything seems to be going fine. Until she meets Aaron the hot bad boy of the school. He challenges her and tempts her into doing things she would never do. She doesn’t know if she can trust him or if she likes the way he makes her act. But when her father doesn’t approve and he tries to control her will she run to Aaron or stay with her good girl life?  This is the story of the bad boy and the cheerleader. 
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
No part of this book should be copied, stolen or reproduced either by printing or by any means without the writer's concern.
If you are caught doing so, you will be punished harshly by the law.
Please if you see any scene in this story or plot anywhere please tell me immediately and that person will be fined accordingly.
Thank you 
Chapter One - Nerdy Me
Alyssa's P.O.V
"Frank, wait for me, I'm almost done." I yelled as I tied my hair into a ponytail in a rush. I wanted my brother to drop me at my school today but it seems I overslept so he was already leaving.
I quickly took a glance in the mirror and grabbed my backpack as I pulled at my long skirt and ran downstairs to see that he wasn't downstairs.
"Mum, has Frank left?" I asked my mother when I saw her clearing the table.
"Yes. He says he has some stuff to do." Mum told me and my spirit fell and my heart started to pound.
I was going to have to walk that narrow empty street to get to school again.
Those bullies lived there. If I arrive there and they are there, I'll be dead.
Maybe if I hurry up and go, I won't meet them on the way.
"Mum, I have to go so see you in the afternoon." I kissed her goodbye and grabbed my boyfriend jacket which was hanging on the dining chair.
"Won't you have breakfast?" She asked in a yell but I ignored her and ran to school.
If only I reach that alley before they get there then I will be safe for today.
That was the only way to get to our school if you don't use the main road. I was always bullied whenever I pass there.
They were familiar but I've never thought of reporting them to my brother. 
I just want to face them all alone, one day I know they'll give up and leave me be. 
And I always survive. I only get a few bruises on my arms and nothing else.
I doubled my steps as I got closer to the alley. 
The bullying started way back when we were kids and the time when I used to go to school with my brother.
Then one day those boys stopped us in that same alley and told my brother they wanted to date me.
He got mad and beat the three of them alone. That got th really mad and since then they've swoon revenge.
They say until I agree to go out with them, then they'll continue to teach ne that lesson. 
I was about to pass that danger zone when I heard a voice behind me. I shut eyes as I cussed to myself.
Fuck my life...
"Alyssa, not so quickly. You have become so stubborn nowadays, you want to skip your daily spank." One of them announced and I stood still.
I swallowed a big lump in my throat as my heart beat accelerated.
Then I decided to run for it but that was soon killed when one of them came out from the corner and stopped me.
He advanced towards me and I took steps back as he smirked at me.
"Alyssa has indeed turned stubborn." He commented.
Then he slapped me across my cheeks and his friend held me up as my cheeks bruised up.
Then the torture begun.
++++
I came home and went straight to my room before my mother could notice the red cheeks I had obtained.
I took a shower and changed into some comfy clothes. I noticed that the house across the streets was been occupied by a family. They were now packing in.
I closed my blinds and went downstairs covering my face with my hair down.
"Mother, you gave the house out and you didn't tell me?" I asked her when I picked up an apple and bit into it.
"It was sudden that I didn't have time to discuss it with you, I'm sorry." Mother apologized and I rolled my eyes at her.
"The Troys claim that there movement was so sudden that they didn't know where to crush and they asked for that house. You can't live it empty forever." She said and I grew silent.
"Of course and I planned to until you ruined it. I don't want anyone to live there." I told her angrily.
"Honey, I though you let that past behind you. It happened long time ago so why dwell on it. Your dad will be very sad when he sees that you don't want to let it go."
"He left me in the first place so why won't I feel sad. He started it." I yelled and ran outside the house to cry.
I broke into tears and I muffled the sobs with my hand. I was feeling so dejected. I hugged myself as I cried silently.
We were so happy together before everything went up in smoke. That incident sent me into my shell because I don't plan to forgive myself for that.
I walked to the house across the street. Then house my dad left me before he left for good.
The family that was moving in had brought their things and had driven off.
I had to get some fresh air and go do my homework.
I walked closer to the house and looked around.
I planned never to give this house out. I planned to let it stay empty and I hate my Auntie for giving the house out.
I went to the back garden, still thinking to myself.
Then I saw a figure some people come to the back garden.
I stood up from the chair I was sitting on and stared at them. I hid behind the chair when they looked around to make sure no one was there.
I saw that they had tied someone by the hands and legs as the person squirmed.
"Daniel, let's solve this without spilling blood here." A voice started and it belonged to a guy. He was in a Jeans and a black tee shirt with a hoody.
He was handsome with spiky black hair. And the other one was young but very handle with a dangerous look. 
The other guy had pulled out a gun and was now pointing it at the captured guy.
My heart thumped in my chest as I watched.
No, no, I need to call the police, I have to call the police that there are badguys in the neighborhood.
I took out my phone and held it tightly as I continued to watch the scene that beheld me.
"There's no time to spare betrayers. I kill the man his wife shows us where the ice is, it's as cool as that." The one who had pointed the gun at the captured man explained.
"Then you are not spilling blood in my house, take him elsewhere I just showed you the man so that's the end of my job." The hoody guy raised his hands in surrender.
Before anything the man shot the guy dead and I gulped at the scene.
The hoody guy got mad.
"What the fuck man, don't you know there are polis around." He yelled as the other guy picked up the dead guy. 
The goody guy didn't know what to do. He looked around to see if anyone was there and I hid well. But to my luck, my phone rang.
++++++
By Kukie_Shakespeare
Down goes another. What I don't understand is, why men think I'm an easy target. I've been fighting for a while now, and till date I've never lost a single fight. Just because I'm a girl, I'm considered a weakling. They soon end up realising how wrong they were.
My name's Skylar Reed. Yet, I'm not known by that name. I'm known as UD. Undefeated. I've never really wanted anyone to know about my street fighting hobby. That was just something for me and me only.
My opponent was quite a bulky guy, with tattoo's littering his arm. I didn't pay attention to their looks because at the end, I've most likely ruined their pretty little faces. I looked down at the guy once more, before turning on my heels. I headed out of the circle in search of my manager. 
"Well done kiddo. Another fight. Another win" Jake said slapping my back. He smiled at me wrapping his arm around my shoulder. Jake was a single, middle aged man, living life to the fullest.
He's is the only reason I am, where I am today. He taught me everything I know and I owe him big time. But most of all he's like a father to me. He's the guy who gave me shelter. He's the guy who gave me food. He's the guy who helped me when no one else did. And he's the guy who never gave up on me. 
"Sky. . .You okay?" Jake asked jabbing my ribs with his elbow, snapping me out of my thoughts. I stepped in front of him, facing him but still continued our walk.
"Yeah, Jake, it's just that. . . I'm leaving tomorrow morning, but. . . Jake come with me!" I begged staring at him. His face fell.
I should probably explain. My mom's dead and I couldn't give two flying fucks about where my 'father' is. I also have a brother who moved out  after he turned 18. I tried finding out where he went, but it was all useless. Since mom's death Jake took me in and has practically raised me. I have no idea how but Jake found out where my brother lives and wants to send me over to live with him. What he doesn't understand is that I don't want to leave him. Don't get me wrong, I love my brother more then my very own life, but I also love Jake, and I can't leave him just for my own selfish reasons.
"You know I can't Sky, I can't leave my life like thi-" 
"Well neither can I, this is also my life Jake. Why can't you understand that? I have lived with you since I was ten, now I'm eighteen. Eight years Jake. Eight bloody years! And now all of a sudden you decide I should be sent away?" I cut him off stopping in front of his house, my voice raising slightly. Jake walks past me searching his pockets for the house keys. He finds the house keys and opens the front door switching on the lights. I follow Jake inside and wait in the living room for him.
Me and Jake lived alone in this house. That's another reason I don't want to leave. Jake will be left completely alone. Of course he has friends but he'll be left alone in this house. Jake walked back in and sat on the couch opposite me.
"Sky you need to understand. You have a brother who loves you more then anything, when he finds out that I kept you away from him even though I knew where he was, he'll hate my guts. And I don't want that Sky." he stood up from where he was and knelt down in front of my squeezing my knees.
"I love you Sky, and you know that right?" He asked with a small smile playing on his lips.
"Of course I do Jake, You're everything I have, which is why I don't want to-"
"That's enough!" Jake cuts my sentence off. He stood up and headed for the door, before turning around and looking at me.
"You're leaving Sky and that's final."
"But-"
"Good night Sky" with that he leaves, heading upstairs towards his room.
"Goodnight Jake" I replied to no one in particular.
---So uh... this is my first story. The first chapter starts off kind of slow but they'll get better later on. I apologize for its suckiness in advance. I'm not very experienced when it comes writing, or even spelling for that matter. My grammar isn't that great, and I have a small vocabulary so just be prepared! With that said I'd still really appreciate it if you read it. I'd love any feedback or votes.----
 ------------
Winterlake high is a beautiful school. It has many trees and flowers blooming outside just off the land. The sweetness of the flowers fill the air with a fresh, creamy scent. It truly is a sight. The same can't be said for its students however. Its like something out of a nightmare, my very own nightmare.
My name is Harvey and I transfered schools just around two years ago. My parents are always out on business. They are very well known in their work. Because of this they travel a lot so I'm always home alone. I do many things to keep myself entertained, I even took up cooking, though that was mainly due to the fact that my parents were never home to do it. Since I hadn't had many things distracting myself these past eight years I learned a lot of skills and gained several talents. It wasn't even intensional, it just happened cause I was bored. Most people don't know that about me. Ha, my parents don't even know half of what I'm capable of. Though I doubt anyone would care. I'm just not that interesting. 
I had a babysitter until two years before I moved. Her name was Stacie. She was like the only person who showed any interests in my activities. She was the only person I opened up to, sadly she had her own life to live. She was my babysitter since I was eight.  When I was twelve she stopped working as a babysitter so I never really saw here after that. Don't get me wrong I'm glad she has a life but she was the closest thing I had to a friend, so things got very lonely by myself. After she quit my parents didn't bother hiring another babysitter. They figured I was responsible enough to handle myself. Though that was perfectly fine by me cause no one could replace Stacie.
My parents work as a pair, so two years ago they got promotions. The location to where they'd be moved was quite far from where we had lived at the time but they decided to move anyway. There wasn't really anything holding us back, anything worth staying for. I didn't have any friends, not one, nor did I have family in the area. 
Our new house felt much more homey than our previous. This was great cause its where I spend all of my time. Though I do still miss our old home from time to time. 
The house has two bedrooms both up the stairs, mine is to the right and my parent's to left. The stairs are centered near the door of the house. There are two bathrooms, one in my room and the other downstairs near the kitchen. The kitchen is very basic, and has a basic amount of utilities. It has a dining counter with three stools and a few cupboards above it, nothing fancy. The living room is just to the right of the stairs. It has one very soft couch, a large flat screen TV where I usually just play games, and a bunch of other little objects I use to pass the time, one notably being my fathers guitar. I've spend so much time with it that I can play it almost anyway I please. There are a few other rooms in the house that contain things I use as well, though I mainly spend time in my room doing things like reading, playing keyboard and or singing.
The first day I went to school after transferring had gone well. I kept my distance from most people and didn't have to say but a few words the entire day. The next day however was not the same. The bullying began only a day after my arrival. The thing that hit me was that the person who started the bullying was someone who had caught my eye the previous day. His name is Liam. He's tall, very handsome and around two years older than me, which would make him eighteen. Someone like me could never hope to dream about someone of his caliber. I'm small, shy, not very social, and quite awkward. He's outgoing, very charming, and has the whole school at his feet.
During the past two years of school I don't remember anyone trying or even wanting to be my friend. I'm always alone, though its been like that for the past eight years so that isn't really anything new. Something that did change however was the beatings I'd receive. I was eight when the beatings began, though they weren't all that brutal. However, like I said, things have changed. The one I began to crush on during the first day of school, Liam, has a group of jock buddies, they're usually by his side like his minions. They beat me to the ground whenever they're bored or upset, just whenever they need something to hit. 
Liam is one of the popular guys here at school. He does whatever whenever, he sleeps with whomever he pleases whenever he pleases. Heh I wouldn't be surprised if he had an STD or two with the way he gets around. He himself didn't actually do much harm to me, just a couple of shoves and nudges and a punch here and there, its mainly his goons who do the beatings while he sits back and watches. The sad part is that I can never bring myself to hate him, or anyone for that matter. The rest of the school are also out for my blood. There is almost never a day that I don't have a bruise. I don't know if they started this cause I was one of the youngest in the school at the time, or if it was cause I never spoke. 
The teachers never bothered stepping in to stop the bullying. I think its cause they all love Liam and his gang. They're good students, they have good grades, they respect the teachers or pretend to at least, and they have quite the looks and charm. Whenever I get in trouble or when I'm put in trouble rather, everyone always take the side of the other person involved. I don't know what I did to get treated like this. I know I'm not an interesting person... and I'm not very outgoing... nor do I feel that I'm attractive, but I don't think I deserve being punched in the gut, slammed against lockers, kicked and stepped on, and getting laughed at or being completely ignored. Maybe I should just come out of my shell and talk to people more... though I'm probably beyond that point, everyone already thinks of me as a loser.
hey guys I know you don't really like A/N's but this is the character Emma down and Jake Stevens. 
•+•+•+•+•
emma stone, used to be an over weight looser that couldn't do anything. 
he brother is one of the most popular people in school along with Jake,Connor, Jacob, Tyler and Jack. 
he also bullied her along with all his friends 
she went away to boarding school in London for 5 years she is now 17. 
she came back with ombré hair, her green eyes brighter, her legs almost as nice as Taylor swifts, her hair as nice as luke Hemmings. 
she could be mistaken as a Victoria secret model because she was stunning. 
she didn't have any friends but now that she's back boys can't keep there hands of her and the school sluts want her around as much but yet they still haven't realised that she is the girl they used to bully!!!
•+•+•+•+•+
Jake Stevens he was one of the people to verbally abuse Emma down and always want to make her feel bad! 
but he had always secretly liked her! he didn't want to abuse her but he had no choice. 
he had brown hair and blue eyes.
he was Emma's brothers Hayden's best friend along with Connor, Jacob, Tyler and jack. 
Life had been always so hard for me. From going to school to getting good grades, to not having a lot of crowd of 'friends' to surround me to my life in home which was so tiring and hard.
Hi, I'm Sophia Clarke, a 16 year old girl who is a practical geek, with big black frame glasses and braces of black in my mouth. 
Sometimes they come in multi colours too. 
I'm the least you could define as a girly girl. I like to play games unlike any of the female population in the world and yes, I'm an online gamer. 
Wohoo! #1 in the entire world when it came to women. But again, no girl ever plays video games, I was bound to be number one, no?
So, yeah, I'm Sophia. I guess I said that already. 
Thud, thud, thud.
A loud noise and I was thumped to my floor the next moment, rolling over and falling from the bed. My face hits the floor and I immediately groan.
Jeez, so grown up of me.
Okay, that was my alarm. I looked at it but no luck, I couldn't see anything. Now, where did I put my glasses?
Reaching over to the bed's other side, I grabbed my glasses and saw the clock sitting on the drawer. What the heck! It's 7 already! No freaking way!
I quickly go to the bathroom and hit the shower, the water was so hot that I screamed on top of my lungs, "Ahhhhhhhhh!" I yelled, closing my eyes. This was so likely for me, yet so unlikely for a girl to do such clumsy deeds.
"Oh my god...that hurts." Before you know it, I'm seated on the cold marble floor of the bathroom thinking about myself. "Why am I like this?" I say, perfectly aware that no one is listening to me.
Why can't I be...normal? Just why do I have to be like this? So non-girlish?
Actually be like those girls who thought of what hairstyles they'll opt for when they'll go to school. Or those girls who matched lip gloss colours with their skin tone. Those girls who actually did makeup?
Why? Because I was Sophia...The first. (Congratulations if you understood that)
I realise that it's no use crying over and over, again and again for what I will never become so I should just maybe accept the way I am. 'Cos you know, I'll never be that way.
Turning the shower on once again, I slowly stepped inside and yes, that was way better because I didn't have to shout or even scream.
You know the thing you do with your head when you poke it in the shower when the water's cold, yep, that's what I did.
And bloody hell, it worked.
I came out with a towel wrapped across my body. I quickly examined myself in the mirror. Wait, where are my glasses? I can't see a thing without them, unless I'm wearing contacts. 
Putting on my glasses, I looked at myself.
 My jet black hair was in messy waves, indicating that I had to trim my hair. My eyes were as usual, the big pale blue orbs, my eyes were the only thing I liked about myself.
Considering I had little to like about when it came to myself. 
My teeth had been hidden under thick black braces that weren't going to, thankfully, be removed soon. 
I looked away, I didn't want to look at the clumsy me in the mirror..it just hurt.
I look at the clock and it's almost half past 7. Yep, time for you to go to school Sophia. 
Making my way down, I prayed that the bloody vixen won't see me.
My step mom, Alexandera should be sleeping but if I made even the tiniest of noise, the bitch would be a pain in my ass for the next entire week.
Now, don't want that, do we?
A tear skipped me eyes as I remembered my...mother. my real mother, not this monster of a mother downstairs. My foster mother practically hated me. Of course she would hate me.
I was no Cinderella but dang, that story was enough for me to realise that step mothers always hate children of their significant others.
Curse Disney for ruinning my mind.
Wait, there's not only her, she had a daughter from her previous marriage, yes, I have a foster sister. Pretty cool, eh? You could say that she hated me more than her mother, I dunno, both hate me too much for my own liking to be honest. 
After my dad died a few months back, it's been just us 3 : Alexandera, Victoria and I. 
Victoria and I went to the same school. Our differences being that she's popular, I'm a nobody. She's beautiful and has a hot body, I am a piece of junk in that matter. She's flirting with every guy 24/7 whereas I am even afraid to be paired up with a guy even for school activities. 
That enough? 
Victoria doesn't seem to notice me at school even and I couldn't be more grateful. She would've considered this as 'payback time' for something that I had done while we were little kids.
She would have pulled at my hair for how I didn't find her when we played hide and seek when we were 7. Get my point? 
So there you have it, Victoria Clarke was my annoying foster sibling.
Moments later, I reached school. I wouldn't want to be late on the first day of school after summer holidays now, would I? I don't think so. 
The bell rang, indicating the start of the school after the long summer break. Someone tapped my shoulder and I almost jumped.
"Yo, where the hell are you lost?" I heard somebody say that put me out of my little train of thoughts. When I turned around, I almost yelled, it was the only two people I looked upto in school. "Sean!" I yelled, and threw my arms around his neck, damn I had missed this idiot during summer. I heard him laugh, "What happened? Did I change or something?" He wiggled his eyebrows.
Shortly, Ashley appeared from behind him, enveloping me in a hug.
I laughed and yes, my two best friends were back from their summer. Wasn't it great? Just the three of us again?
"What the fuck Carrick! Are you fucking blind or something? You son of a--!" 
A voice made the the three of us jump from our places. Every eye was no on the owner of the voice. He circled the poor kid and even hit him once on the head. I swear, his temper was so loose that he'd have killed someone who took his gum.
"Huh? Answer me you stupid!" He yelled again and I felt so sorry for that little kid, Carrick. 
"I'm-I'm so-so sorr-rry." He kept on muttering but of course, that won't be enough, he just ran into him and ended of falling on his face flat. Nothing even happened to the other snobby arrogant jerk.
"Fuck off." He hissed and I'm guessing all the teachers fear Colton High's bad boy.
He made his way put of the crowd with girls dying to throw themselves at him but he's stupid and scary. He is selfish and everybody fears him.
He is also the one I spent second grade with and I know he doesn't remember me. He's insanely hot and yet damn scary and rude. 
He is Colton High's bad boy, he is Max Eric Anderson.
A/N : soooo thoughts this far? It's just the start, give it some time, I'm sure you will like it! x

✋Wait! Stop! This book isn't 'The Best '. It's quite flawed. I mean, get real, nothing's perfect. So this book WILL contain some grammatical errors. It will contain mistakes. It WILL NOT be perfect !
Nina Dobrev ...Hailey Thomas. ↑↑↑
Also  I have used the characters of 'Vampire Diaries ' changed their names and personalities .The thing is I don't know what damage I've done to your personal feelings of the character .I have never watched an episode of 'Vampire Diaries ' before .If I had I probably would leave the characters with the same personality .
Anyways ....   
Carry on gentlewomen and gentlemen.
--------
"I heard there's a new kid. "
"I heard he has a brother. "
What's all this fuss about a new kid. 
"He's a hot chunk of meat I can't wait to get my hands on."
Eww. 
"Me neither. "
I dumped my books into my locker and grabbed my biology equipment. I then sauntered down the hall to my class .Taking a seat way to the front in the empty class. I opened my book and began studying. 
"Is this the biology lab? "a deep, husky voice asked about 5 minutes later . 
"U-um ye-yes. "he was the first guy to ever speak to me and he was good looking, Or as they say nowadays 'Hot'.
He took a seat to the far back of the class. It doesn't seem like this guy is here to learn. Or maybe he just doesn't know that in the far back of the classroom you hear nothing the teacher says, you learn nothing either and that's the exact place all the little delinquents of the school sit .
Soon after the class was filled up with kids chattering. Disturbing my quiet peace .
"Students I was informed of a new student. Welcome Ryder.Would you like to introduce yourself? " Ryder grunted then stood up. 
"My name is Ryder West and I attend North Carolina High. "he said stating the obvious.
"Okay... "Mr.Reef said while clasping his hands. 
..........
I was walking home all alone. As usual. 
It was all peace throughout the normally undisturbed community until loud music was heard coming down the street. I could barely make a word out of the music. 
I'm sure it's illegal to call that music. 
As I stepped on my porch I noticed the vehicle pull up in the neighbouring garage then Ryder stepped out. 
Looks like I've got Mr. Bad Boy as a neighbour now 
••••••
It was nice to feel the cool water run down my skin with my music blasting. 
I turned the water off then stepped out in my towel. As I walked out of my bathroom and into my room the chorus of "Can't Stop dancing "by some artist I don't quite know, began. I started dancing my butt off screaming lyrics. I didn't even take note when my towel fell off. 
This went on for at least 2 minutes until I saw a pair of eyes looking directly at me. I immediately recognised it as Ryder's. 
I froze when I saw the flash of a camera. He took pictures. 
I snapped out of it when I heard a soft chuckle. I wrapped my towel around my body then made my way to the window .
"What the heck are you looking at?!"I nearly screamed . 
He chuckled again, stood up then said "You better watch it nerdy I've got naked pictures of you .Just imagine all what I can do with it. "
What just happened?
Why did I not close my blinds.
••••••
Ryder's P.O.V. 
I opened my blinds to see a beautiful girl dancing. What Wait! She's naked! 
My eyes roamed down her body! Damn. 
She was perfectly sculptured. She was flawless. Her skin looked so smooth and was doing her all the best. Her hair was beautiful, long and quite wavy.
A few minutes later she realized the peeping Tom, Me . She was frozen. I chuckled at her cute little face. 
I took a few pictures. So it could last longer! Duh .
She seemed to have snapped out of it."What the heck are you looking at?! "She shouted. 
"You better watch it nerdy, I've got naked pictures of you. Just imagine all what I can do with it. "Where did that come from ? She looks nothing close to nerdy. 
She looks quite familiar though. 
Wait! Biology! She's that nerd in my Bio class. 
Sheesh she's hot when she doesn't have those dumb glasses on.
PROLOGUE
Merliah's life was very peacefully and simple until this annoying creature came to her life. 
Merliah's POV 
Ako si Merliah Saunders Kilala ang pamilya ko bilang magagaling na tagapangalaga ng kompanya namin sa ibat ibang bansa 
Ang Daddy ko ay si Bernard SaundersSi dad din ang pinaka captain kung paanoo palagoin ang kompanya namin siya at si kuya ang nag papatakbo ng kompanya namin
Ang mommy ko naman ay si Isabelle Saunders kilala ang mom ko bilang isang magaling na fashion designer nag paoatakbo rin si mommy ng mga fashion runways kaya masasabi mo talagang mayaman ang pamilya namin. 
Ang kuya ko naman ay walang iba kundi si Tyrone Saunders Gwapo matalino matipono mabait almost perfect na yung kuya ko kaya di na ako mag tataka kung maraming nag hahabol na babae sa kuya ko pero kahit na gwapo siya wala parin syang girlfriend well meron dati kaya lang.... You know heartbreaks? Kaya naging pusong bato na si kuya 
Siya din ang tagapag mana ng kompanya ni dad kaya wala siya lagi sa bahay actually to be honest lahat sila wala sa bahay minsan lang sila umuwi ako nlalng mag isa dito kasi lahat sila busy sa business ako nlng din yung nag aaral kaya walang choice kundi mag stay dito sa bahay kasama ang maga maids namin malungkot man pero iniisip ko nlng na para saakin yung mga ginagawa nila kaya ayun tiis tiis lang
Bakasyon pala ngayon next month na yung pasukan fourth year high school na pala ako sana naman maganda yung pag papatakbo ng papasukan kong school ngayon QUEEN UNIVERSITY yung pangalan di ko alam kung girls school yun kasi queen eh hayy sana lang maging maayos yung papasukan kong class
Uulitin ko ako nga pala si Merliah Saunders Looks? Hmmmm hindi naman ako nerd im classy duhhh di ako jejemon hehe nakikisabay din ako sa mga uso no and not to mention gastador din ako pero mabait parin naman ako hehe 
-------------------------Hello po sana po nagustuhan nyo yung simula ng story sana rin po suportahan nyo yung story ko hindi po ako magaling na author first story po to pero I'll try my best para magustuhan nyo po yung story ko 
Follow me GorgeousLady10 Lovelots chao! 
yo okay so i've been busy so i gotta close these for catch up. i might be ending this, though, just to start a new one with a different format. 
so keep a look out for that. 💕
okay, so all you have to do is comment and complete the following form so i can begin writing your imagine
name:player:scenario (optional):
how long it takes to have your imagine posted will be based on how complicated it is for me to write!!! and unfortunately, because of my lack of experience and composure, i don't do explicit imagines!!!
request away, loves
edit:
you can request again! tbh, request as much as you want! (lmao) i basically write all the time, so they'll be up in no time now that i've graduated high school.
you can pm me too if you wanna clarify something up! that's cool ❤
A/N:  Gay Romance. 
If you see ads on this story,  take a few seconds, literally,  seconds to watch it. Wattpad pays authors their due for them and as a college student, it helps a lot.  I'd very much appreciate it. 
Warning: I wrote this in 11th grade. Take that how you want to. Also, this is being edited. It starts in past tense, moves to present tense and then past tense again. I am converting it all to past tense. Additionally, I am correcting spelling errors (*cringes*) and other embarrassing stuff. 
I move slowly (busy kid, I am) so, If you want to place this under 'to read', I don't blame you. 
There’s a Jock in My Bed
Prologue : Forgetting to Remember
Ever had one of those mornings when you wonder, “What the hell did I do last night?”
That the consequences for them will come back to bite you in the ass and your world will crumble around you for that one stupid decision.
Well, this was one of those mornings.
“There’s a stranger in my bed
There’s a pounding in my head
Glitter all around the room.”
 I attacked my alarm clock with my hand, trying to get the lyrics of Katy Perry out of my noggin and shut it off.
I turned my head to the side slightly,  the sunlight stinging my eyes. I groaned and turned to the other side.
The room was silent but I heard something … that sounded like snoring? My eyes fluttered open and all I could see was the back of someone lying on my pillow.
Wait a minute ... this isn’t good. My vision got better and I realized I was in bed with … a guy.
“OH MY GOD!” I screamed and he shot up from his sleeping position. He looked around, disoriented for a moment, his blue eyes filled with confusion. He looked at me, then down at himself, then back to me. His eyes widened in horror and he jumped out of the bed. I jumped out to the side opposite him.
“What the fuck is going on!?” His deep voice yelled and my mouth just hung open. The only thing I could see was his tanned, toned chest. A sheet that was being stretched to its limits between us was covering his bottom half, much to my disappointment.. My face lit up with curiosity and I pointed at him.
“Please tell me you’re wearing pants,” He looked under the blanket and his face paled. I looked down as well andOH MY GOD, I’m naked too. I feel the heat creeping up my neck and I can tell I’m blushing. This is not good, not good at all.
I laughed nervously and started to pace, tugging him along with me while he tried to keep his lower regions covered.
“Can you stop?” He grumbled, annoyed.
I ignored him and kept on pacing.
What happened? What did we do?
“Did we have sex?” I stopped pacing and looked at him. He looked so scared and confused and his blue eyes had been cleared of all their sleepiness.
Yeah I guess waking up in another person’s bed - especially another guy’s -  will do that to ya..
“I’m not sure, but we’re both naked. I think that’s a telling sign.” His jaw clenched, but he looked at me with a light smile. Icould see a glimmer of hope in his eyes, or maybe it was just the sunlight. Either way he looked sort of relieved.

I am Crystal Ice Demonise Lee 
A nerd that is always bullied and abused by my stupid classmates and school mates
They bully me because of the stupid reason...
And that is because I am fucking UGLY!!!!!
But they don't know that behind this stupid and thick eyeglasses is a girl that is a living goddess. A girl that can manipulate you because of her beauty.
But they say.....
I am heartless
Emotionless
Fearless
Ruthless
Yes I am A NERD
A NERD that can make your life a living HELL
In this story I found LOVE!!♡♡♡♡

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, incidents and places are either the product of writer's imagination and if somehow real, it is just fictitiously. Any resemblance of the names (living or dead), places and events are just purely coincidence. 

Maraming salamat po! Enjoy.

As of December 19, 2016 with a highest rank of #47 from something 700+ ranking before :).
I straightened out the blue graduation dress and fixed the slightly out of place hat. Looking around for any familiar faces, I fidgeted on the rope that dangled off my graduation hat, trying to shake the nerves out of my system.
'Bravo, Case. You're able to street fight like you're cycling but you can't even walk with your back straight and a confident look in your face in these heels,'  my conscience chided me.
I sighed, my brain's right, this is stupid. Get a grip, Case.
It was like ever since I left that hospital, everything in my life fell apart and everything that I've planned perfectly was shredded. I was no longer the same Cassandra. After everything's that happen, from being the small little girl who was lost in this world to that girl who fought through life, I have been reduced to simply being that girl who's trying to survive.
My mind decided to wander off to the previous night where I had the out of schedule phone call with Preston.
"What happened? Is he alright?" I asked without greetings, as usual. Preston's voice was terse and I heard the tension in it, different from his usual calm tone when we have this weekly call.
"It's bad, Case. We don't know where he is anymore. At first, Cali realized that he wasn't in his bed most of the time after a week of coming home. Then, I was on night watch to see for myself and he's been sneaking out almost every night lately and now, he ran from home."
I sucked in a breath, sitting on the edge of my bed with my elbows resting on my knees. This isn't part of the plan.
"I plan to find him and I will. Don't worry about it, he's going to be alright," Preston's voice was heavy with worry and I could hear how tired he was.
"Thanks for keeping me updated, Pres. I owe you," I sighed, my shoulder sagging even further.
"You owe me nothing, Case. You did the right thing. My brother's going to be alright, don't worry," with that, he ended the call and I threw myself onto the bed.
"Did I really?" I asked into the empty room.
I made this decision thinking that he'll go back to his normal life routine before he met me. I cut all ties to keep him away from all the danger. I knew it wasn't fair on him because I did it without his acknowledgement but it was for the best.
I would be putting everyone in danger if I have stayed.
The family moved to the other side of the town that was an hour away from where I was and of course, Adam moved schools so I didn't have to see him every day or have the need to dodge him in the halls every minute.
Of course I visit once a month to meet up with the kids, Jerry and Preston but I made sure that Adam was staying over someone's house. It was for the best.
'Is it, really?' my conscience bit. My will to stay away was slowly crumbling down to ashes and I could feel it being sucked into a void that was growing in size.
I kept chanting that this was for the best, it was for his safety, just to convince myself and hang on to that thread that's keeping me from reaching out towards him but doubt was catching up with me.
Nothing makes sense anymore. What is wrong with me? He's just a guy; just a guy.
'A guy that you love,' my conscience reminded and my finger gripped on a pillow to stuff my face against and muffle my groan. Dammit.
I'll just visit. Straight after the graduation, I'll get Preston to convince him to have a guy's night with his friends and I'll meet up with the kids and spend some time.
My bad day is getting progressively worse.
"Arden Heart, do you have your book report?" Mr. Larson asks. 
I've always hated him - both as a man and a teacher - but in this exact moment, I hate him more than I ever thought possible. This is because I know that my book report isn't in my backpack and he seems to know this, too. 
"No," I mumble. 
"Excuse me? I didn't quite get that," Mr. Larson says and looks at me straight in the eye. I know he heard me clearly since he moved me from the back of the class to two rows from the front. Even if I'm whispering, he can hear me. 
He raises his eyebrows, looking at me with a judgmental and impatient expression. I shake my head slightly, while simultaneously squeezing my right hand into a fist. I can barely resist the urge to roll my eyes.
"I do not have my book report," I tell him loudly, enunciating every word clearly. "Hear me now?"
To my surprise, this gets a collective laugh from the class. He's pretty much a dick to everyone, so it was nothing shocking the day I walked into his senior AP literature class and he slammed down on rules. It didn't take long for me to lose patience with him and now here are, basically in full on verbal combat every time I get in here. The back talk I give him isn't for entertainment or to be 'sassy' or 'funny', it genuinely is because I find him that unpleasant. 
It's something about his little comments and constant picking on everyone that really bugs me. It's the way he gives me looks full of judgement and treats me like a complete jackass troublemaker. He expects literally nothing from me and then complains to my parents that I don't try hard enough, which gets me into trouble constantly. He's the reason why English is pretty much intolerable this year.
Levi Jacobs is in there, too, but I try to remind myself not to focus too much on him. 
It's hard to resist admiring him, though. I always find myself turning around looking at him, Golden Boy in all his glory. He's really not much more than an average teenage boy, but there's some unexplainable attraction to him. An attraction that admittedly got me into a little bit of a situation over the summer.
"I recommend taking it down a notch before I call A-Plus," Mr. Larson threatens, his voice completely calm. 
A-Plus is the behavioral program my high school has. In my opinion, it does absolutely no good because the kids who go in there misbehave because they don't want to be in class, and giving them free time in an air-conditioned, wifi-connected room isn't exactly what I would call punishment, especially if I was one of them. The only thing that makes A-plus totally undesirable for someone like me is the fact that when you go into A-plus, it gets put on your high school record and you have to work ridiculously hard to work it off. I'm really not the kind of person who would want to be put into that kind of situation. 
My best friend, Marjorie, is a totally different story. She's the reigning queen of A-Plus, which is kind of funny since she's really not a bad kid. She just learned a long time ago she gets better grades when she's not in a class surrounded by other people, which is part of the reason she's maintained a cumulative GPA over 4.0. That's a thing I could only ever dream of achieving. 
While I could easily follow in her footsteps, the idea of being sent of class shuts me down completely.
"The notch is already taken down, Mr. Larson," I say and give him a completely fake smile. 
"I would wipe that smile off my face if I was you," he warned. "Especially since you just lost ten-percent off your final book report grade." 
I refrain from giving out an over dramatic sigh and just look at him. 
Many things changed my life. One huge thing was my parents' death.
That destroyed me.
I remember the day, clearly and vividly. I was walking in the rain. I looked up at the sky, letting the raindrops tickle my face. They were almost like soft little kisses. The sky was gray, but I liked it. Some people feel like rain is depressing and gloomy, but I found a beauty in it that no one else could see.
I smiled until, in the distance, I saw smoke.
"What's that?" I questioned out loud. I let my curiosity get the best of me, and strolled over to the source. As I got closer I saw fire trucks, firemen, police cars, and police officers. What made my heart practically stop and my mouth go dry was the car that was on fire. My parents' car.
My heart was pounding in my chest. I could physically feel the beats moving my body. They are not in that car. They're both still at home. Safe and sound. Stop walking, Doe, stop walking. Please. NO. STOP.
A strange smell was in the air. It was a burning smell... But also as if something was cooking.
Oh god.
"You can't pass this line! Stay back!" a police officer shouted at me and held me back.
"That's," I started, and I felt myself shaking, which caused me to pause momentarily. "That's my parents' car. Where are my parents? Just tell them Doe is here. Their daughter. Please."
"Miss, no one made it out of that car," the police officer informed me, very softly. I stared at the scene. The car was crashed into a tree. The whole front of the car was split in half. Even though there was a fire blazing, I could tell the glass was shattered.
"T-that's impossible," I stammered. "They're alive. They're safe! Where are they?!"
"Miss, please relax," the police officer soothed, holding me, as my eyes stayed glued to the car. The burning car. The one that my parents had deceased in. I watched as the firefighters put the fire out.
I felt like the police officer was saying something, but I couldn't hear him. All I could hear was my heart pounding in my ears, in a deafening way.
"Mom, dad?" I sobbed. "They're alive! They have to be alive! Tell me they're alive! Oh, my god, they can't be dead! I'm not alone; I'm not alone! No! NO!" I fell, sobbing. I don't remember ever crying so hard in my whole life. My parents were dead. They abandoned me in death to live in this world alone...
How could they do that to me...?
I don't remember much after that. Just the rain. The fire. And the smell.
I know that I went to my best friend's house after. She held me as I cried, and soon my boyfriend came too, holding me, as I cried.
I remember something changed in me. A thin layer of ice surrounded my heart. I swore from then on that I'd never care for anyone else in my life except the people I already came to love. It was too hard to love people. Because it always ended up hurting.
***
I don't remember their funeral. I don't want to. It's too painful to think about. I just remember how sorry people were for me. They kept constantly telling me, and I was getting sick of it.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to make one of these for this book, but it looks like I have to. (10.15.15) (Read edit note at the end)
FIRST! THIS BOOK IS BARELY EDITED! KEYWORD BEING BARELY. I know it bugs people when they see a grammar mistake, it bugs me too. But I know there's some in my story. I'm editing it now and I'll try to catch them all (ha-ha).
EDIT: I probably won't be majorly editing this book. I've decided to re-write it, but not for wattpad (for right now). I want to go through and fix spelling errors on this story, but as far as major editing, that won't happen. At least not now. There's a part at the end of the story that explains more about this. 
SECOND! For the love of dogs, PLEASE don't write spoilers in the comments! I saw a whole thread where someone spoiled the whole story and I apologize to anyone who read it and got spoiled. No one likes spoilers. And if you do, well...just don't spoil it for anyone else PLEASE. 
THIRD! There's a huge difference between constructive criticism and being an asshole. And by this I mean don't leave rude comments that are in no way helpful to the way I write or the story. Like "this story sucks" or "bad book".  That's not constructive criticism. The whole point is to help the author. And I'm definitely open to constructive criticism! Just leave it in my inbox though instead of the comments so I can see it!
FOURTH! If you don't like the book, don't say that in the comments. Honestly, who's that going to help? Keep those comments to yourself and stop reading it. If you have anything bad to say, don't say it in the comments, message me instead or just keep it to yourself. This website is supposed to be fun and for anyone to write. Don't be rude in an authors comments. That's all. Just don't be rude.
FIFTH! There are cliche and cheesy moments. But don't let that detour you from reading it. It's a love story, of course there will be cliche's and cheesy lines. But it also has a slight mystery aspect. And this brings me back to point number four. If you stop reading because it's "Too cheesy", I don't need to know that. If you really want to tell me, send me a private message. 
I never expected this book to be as popular as it is and I'm so proud of it. I've worked really really hard on every part of this book. I've spent a lot of time writing it and I don't regret it. It's one of my favorites that I've written. And it wouldn't be here without my lovely readers, voters, and commenters. I really do appreciate every single one of them, whether you liked the book or not. Thank you for taking the time to read it anyway. I know this book won't be for everyone. 
And you can call me over dramatic, I don't care. This just needed to be said. And I know "Oh, if you want to be an author, you'll have to learn how to take the criticism." I take it quite well actually. Any criticism I get, I take it and work with it. Because I do appreciate the constrictive criticism I've gotten. 
Thank you for reading this. Sorry if I offended anyone. And feel free to message me with anything, I'll try to reply as soon as I can. Hope you're having a good day!
EDIT (December 11th, 2016): I realize how some of these statements can be taken the wrong way. I'm not saying people aren't allowed to have their own opinions or they're not allowed to like my story, I mean that there are other ways to go about it. I'm fully aware of what the "real world" is. I just want people to be positive and nice about things, that's all. I still agree with a majority of what I've said, but some I realize is a little harsh and can be taken the wrong way. That was not my intentions. 

Kita mo yang nasa picture? Hulaan mo nga kung animal or human yan. Clue... Kilala siya bilang si Clark Evans, known to be mabait na mukhang bad boy, hot guy with six pack abs tapos ano pa? Ang Papa at typical boyfriend material na mga babae sa school! WOOOHHHH! Clap your hands! Pero sa likod ng maskara niyan ay isang MABANGIS, KUMAG AT FRESH FROM THE RAIN FOREST na nilalang... And Guess what? Tao siya! *ting ting ting!* Tama yung hula mo! Oh ayan yung prize mo 5,000 pesos worth of claps! Congratulations! Anyway, kung hindi ka naniniwala na tao nga siya, eh basta tao siya. No Joke! Peksman mamatay man yung mga kuto ko, kuto mo, kuto nating lahat!
Ako si Eun Lee at isang araw, naapakan ko yung buntot ng isang tigre kaya BOOOGHSSSS! Gusto niyo malaman kung ano sunod na nangyare? Sige mag k-kwento ako makinig ka ha?! Ayokong nagsasayang ng laway!
Author's Note: 
Sorry kung singit ako ah? Gusto ko lang mag thank you kung babasahin mo tong story ko! :) Actually first ever tagalog story ko to dito sa wattpad, nauna ko lang ipublish yung the Boss's princess.  Also, kung may scenes or character names po dito na pareho sa ibang stories pure coincidence lang po yun.
COVER PHOTO: 
EDITED BY: Yours Truly (Me)
KOREAN ACTORS AND ACTRESSES: 
I do not own them (obviously) I Just borrowed them as a reference picture. No hates kung sakaling na bash ko yung actors/tresses, hindi po sila binabash ko kundi yung sarili kong fictional characters kayy? like i said reference pictures lang sila.
So yan, Cool tayo ah?! :) Baka may mag beast mode jan eh!
E P I G R A P H
"He was not my boyfriend. On the other hand, he wasn't just a friend either. Instead, our relationship was elastic, stretching between those two extremes depending on who else was around, how much either of us had to drink, and other varying factors. This was exactly what I wanted, as commitments had never really been my thing. And it wasn't like it was hard, either. The only trick was never giving more than you were willing to lose."
                                                                                           Sarah Dessen

S U M M A R Y
Daniel Evans is trying hard to not let his crush on Jonah Clarke get in the way of their new found friendship because, well, Jonah Clarke is not gay.

A B O U T
This book means a lot to me, originally written as a oneshot for a competition run by @taygetsthegay the first chapter can be read on it's own. However, if you want to know more about Daniel and Jonah's friendship then read on.

P L A Y L I S T : Purely Platonic (In the external link)
S T A T U S : June 2015 - ?
C H A L L E N G E : 'For Positivity's Sake' by positivepoint
Sneak peak-
"You!" His eyes fixated on me, like a predator did with its prey. I had almost been intimated. Almost. But since I was now classed as the school's nerd, I had to act like one. Inwardly rolling my eyes, I looked down at my shoes, as if I was claimed to be nervous. I had almost laughed at how pathetic it was. If only he knew.
"You fricken tried to run me over, with my own car!" His outburst quietened the whole school. It was pathetic that they all feared him. Suddenly as his words sunk in, I burst out laughing, unable to control it anymore. Visualising him running for his fricken life, screaming, as I drove at him with his red sports car, was too good. Oh how I longed to witness that again
But as I looked up into his irritated, shocked eyes, I had just realised what I had done.
He'd seen a whole new side to me. A side were I wasn't the school's nerd.
But a side were I was the Bad girl...in glasses?
***
Extended Description-
Obnoxious--sex god--bad boys. One -- or two -- polar opposite disguises. And one manipulative bastard. 
Samantha wasn't just that cliché Bad Girl, the town knew her to be.  Because only she truly perceived the meaning of anguish and the boundaries of love. A game which was made to crush her, turned her stronger. 
Through Chase Ryder into the mix --the towns typical Bad Boy and (personality wise,) a replica of Samantha-- things turn a whole lot heated. What seems to be a loathed relationship, could possibly form into something ells?
Preoccupied with her own boy problems, Samantha is at loss to see that something much bigger begins to form. A group of people structuring a plot to out rule her status. 
You're typical bad girl? I think not. 
Why must she be over ruled? Who was/is she really? And who could she trust, when it seemed everyone ells were beginning to turn from her?  Adding Chase in made the situation that much more stressful. And Samantha was certain, that there was more to Chase then what met the eye.
Blinded by their similarities, why couldn't they seem to get along? Could Samantha truly love again? Or was that something bad girls were immune to?

"I'll never chase a man but if he has tattoos and muscles, a bitch just might power-walk" ~Samantha Grey~
  ***  
Authors note:
Unfortunately the next update it Unknown, considering I'm waiting to upload a trailer for this book.
I also have big plans for this! That's why I don't except any form of copyright. I've worked hard on this, and I don't expect you to take that satisfaction away from me, by taking my work.  
Also, if you like my book COMMENT, COMMENT, COMMENT! the thing is, many authors lose interest in finishing there books with zero motivation from the audience. Even the satisfaction from one comment can go a long way. So please COMMENT, COMMENT, COMMENT. 
If you don't like cliché books, or just this book in general, then find another one! Rude comments aren't needed, I't'll only be deleted and you'll be blocked. 
Thank you and enjoy 
Xoxo~Jazz
Brothers:Michael:23,green eyes,light brown hair,loves siblings & protects them.
Anthony:18,green eyes,brown hair,bugs destiny more than the others, & protects her.
Ashton&Blake(identical twins):17,brown eyes,dark brown hair,loves to annoy Destiny & protect her.
Jonathan:16,blue eyes,brown hair,mocksDestiny,& is very protective of her.
Destiny:12,hazel eyes brown hair,loves sports,& has a secret boyfriend.😉
I hope you like the book!!!!First time of making a brothers book but hoping I get more reads than usual.Never give up.Byeeeeeeee.😘78 words
ALL COPYRIGHTS © RESERVED 2016 BY XxSasha_679xX
This book is fiction. My ideas should not be copied,scanned, or reproduced in any electronic or form. Please no copying my ideas without permission,don't copy any of my songs that i personally wrote.I don't accept hate comments.If there is something in the book you don't like please message me.
⚠WARNING THIS BOOK CONTAINS SELF-HARM AND BULLYING⚠ if thus affects you I suggest you don't read but if you want to be my guest...
I hope you enjoy my book....Stand By Me.
~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~•~
Hi. My name is Sam. Yes, I am a girl. I am eleven years old and I have been living in this orphanage in Ireland for four crappy years of my life. 
This place, for me is a living hell. All of the older girls bully me and I barely leave the comfort of my bed. The older girls always call me 'different', but I prefer the term 'unique'. 
Since I had no friends at the orphanage I decided to make internet friends. No, not the friends that will lead you into an alley way and hurt you, but the ones that are going through similar things as you.
All rights reserved. No part of this work may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. This book is a work of fiction, names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from the author. 
****
I am so excited to start this new journey with you guys. I got this idea after attending a carnival that was based on fundraising money for our school and coincidently, there was a kissing booth there! Don't worry, I didn't take part in it (there's something about knowing a dude has kissed 100 girls that's a turn off). 
This is a work in progress, if you didn't already know. So there may be mistakes, typos and all that good stuff. So please keep that in mind when you read. And also, if you would like me to be a happy happy girl then please vote and comment to share the love!
warning : this story contains relationships between two men. If you are not interested, then don't read.
There are some swear words here and there when the characters get over emotional so if that doesn't sound like your kind of book, then again don't read
While there arent any sex scenes in the story, the characters do make explicit suggestions to sex. So if you're not comfortable with that, then for the last time DONT READ.
Now that I've let that all out, please enjoy this story.
started: October 16th, 2014completed: February 21st, 2015
I stood  motionless in the middle of the gigantic room. Our room which we will share. The soft wind that found sanctuary through the opened French windows blew my veil over my face,obstructing my view. But that didn't bother me. My vision was already blurred by the tears that were swimming in the brim of my eyes. The sound of the door being opened made me shut my eyes and that gave my imprisoned tears sheer freedom. They happily and graciously cascaded down my face which was coated with water proof make up.  He took gentle steps towards me. I could feel him getting closer by every second and though my eyes were closed,I could still make out his silhouette due to the moonlight that illuminated the dim room. I could feel his breath on my face. He was inches away from me. His shaky hands gently wiped my tears.
"Assalamu Alaikum Habibty" he said softly. The only reply I could muster was my intake of sharp breath and then more tears. He gave a defeated sigh and gently led me to the bed. He pulled me down with him and we sat side by side, his knees brushing mine. He placed his hand on toppa my head and whispered some Du'as. He later stood up and headed to the washroom. That gave me more access to cry harder. I curled myself up into a ball on the large king sized bed and sobbed harder.
I can't imagine my life like this. 
I'm definitely going to end up like my mom.
I'll live in my own marital home with a witch as a mother-in-law. I'll later get divorced and leave my kids in the hands of their evil step momma. They'll grow up being traumatized their whole life. Just like me.
The tears were already soaking my veil now.
A soft hand brushed the side of my face and I flinched. He gently wiped my tears with his cold thumb.
"I want to know the reason behind these tears. Do tell" he spoke softly.
I sat up in bed and wiped my damp face with the back of  hennaed hands. Then I told him the story....my story.
*************
Dedicated to dragonwings for her unending support and advice since my 1st book.... this is the 3rd one... took down the 1st and 2nd :D Go check out her books as well..... I find them amazing!
Amber POV
'Be my woman, and I'll be your man. Be my woman, and I'll be your man.Yes I'll be your woman.Yes I'll be your baby.Yes I'll be whatever that you want when you'll tell me.Yes I'll be your girl, forever your lady.You ain't ever gotta worry, I'm down for you baby.' 
I groaned, turned over and covered my ears with the pillow... but it didn't help. Picking up my pillow, I ran down the stairs fuming and began hitting Shane with it. He laughed and pulled the pillow from my hand and smirked at me.
"Good morning, sister!!", he laughed and increased the volume.
"What is it with you and this song!!"
"Nothing but I know it annoys you!"
I glared at him and then picked up another pillow from the couch and started hitting him with it. He snatched the pillow from my hand, wrapped his arms around my waist and lifted me in air and kept turning me around while I thrashed around, screaming.
"Put her down, Shane!", my mother called from the kitchen. What was she doing in the kitchen anyway?
"Sure!", he smirked and dropped me to the floor. I landed hard on my butt and sat there glaring at him.
"Don't blame me.... mom told me to do it.", he laughed. Stupid annoying brothers!!!
After I shot him one last glare, I ran back up the stairs to my room, in order to get ready for college. I dragged myself to the shower and had a nice, long..... NO!! fifteen minute shower. Wrapping myself in a pink, fluffy towel, I stepped towards my closet and began rummaging around. After getting dressed, I grabbed my bag and my car keys, and then shooting one of MY dirty looks in my annoying brother's direction, I stepped out of the house yelling, "Bye mom!!" I jumped in my red Lamborghini and drove off to Olivia's house. Olivia was waiting for me at the gate. "Hey sista!!", she yelled and jumped in.
"Nice to see you! Looking hot!!", I smiled.
"You're looking better, as usual!", she replied. "Bye dad!!", she yelled waving at her dad who was busy watering the flowers in his garden.
"Bye Mr. Johnson!!", I yelled and he waved back.
Once we reached school, I parked the car, grabbed my car keys and books and then headed towards my locker. All eyes were on me as I walked down the hallway. Boys were staring at me wistfully, while the girls were glaring at me.... probably jealous. To be truthful, I hated this attention but being a billionaire's daughter, I practically loved to dress and couldn't get myself to look bad. Olivia on the other hand, was enjoying the attention. She flicked her hair and strode down the hallway gracefully. I smirked and walked after her only to be stopped Roxanne.
"What do you want?!", I groaned.
"Nothing that you have, loser!"
"Fine! Bye!!"
"Uhuh!! I want you to meet my new boyfriend, Blake!", she said sliding her arm through his. He frowned but smiled at me when she nudged him.
"I saw that!", I smirked and walked away. If you haven't figured it out yet, then I'll tell you- I hate her!!! And she hates me!! 
Olivia was smiling and chatting with someone who was casually leaning against MY locker. I had no intentions of interrupting their sweet little conversation but I needed some books from my locker. 
"You can never get me to fall in love! So stop trying!" She glares at me and climbs up the fence.
'Hey stop! Hailey!' I call out running after her. 
I finally caught up to her and I grab her wrist. 'Stop.' I order.
"Let go of me you dink!" She struggles to escape from my tight grip. I lean my face towards hers and smirk. "Th-This isn't funny, Kevin! Stop! Stop it!"
I plant a quick kiss on her lips and ran for it. She didn't move. I went back. Guilt. 
'Hailey? You okay? I'm sorry... Hailey? Look at me, Please...' 
She doesn't look at me. What have I done?! 
She looks up and gives me a death stare. "I'll give five seconds to run..."
I stayed there. I'm ready to get my punishment.
"One..."
She clenches her fists.
"Two..."
I want her to punch me...
"Three..."
"Four..."
"Five... Why are you still here?"
"Because I want to..."
I closed my eyes and waited for her fist to punch me. Instead, I felt her warm lips on mine.
That's my Bad Girl...
Warning: This book has COPYRIGHT so if you copy or steal any part or thing if this book, you will be punished by law. Please respect my writing and suppress your urge to advertise your book on mine.
Be aware that you may die of laughter and come back alive again. You may get the Ultimate feels and probably cry a river and build a bridge to get over it. 
Happy readings ♡♥♡♥
He Can Talk?
"Did you hear?" My best friend Taylor came over and whispered in my ear. She had her dark brown hair flat ironed and let out. It was long past her chest and it fell delicately against her. It was like mine except I was Indian and Guyanese. My hair was long and curly. In it's natural curly state my hair reached the edge of my back when opened. When wet, it was at the edge of my butt. I had dark brown eyes unlike Taylors hazel ones and we almost had the same colored skin except Taylor was more light.
"Hear what?" I asked. Taylor always had the latest gossip or story figured out. She knew everything. Detail over detail.
"Its about Aiden." She whispered. She hooked her arms through mine and leaned on me. "He got in a fight with someone outside our school and he beat the kid to a pulp. Even when the kid hit him straight in the stomach, he didn't say a word or even make a sound." She whispered with excitement filled in her voice. "He was so frigging strong that he knocked out the boy with one punch. That boy really is a mute. He doesn't say a word or even make a sound. He talks through a pen and a piece of paper, but with his good looks and bad boy ways. He is the bad boy of this school. Its crazy right?"
I arrived at my locker and opened it before turning to Taylor.
"I wonder how strong he really is. Do you think Aiden has ever killed a person? He looks like a murder." I said a little bit to loudly. Taylor looked to the side and her mouth hung open. She looked terrified and for Taylor that was a rare thing. I followed her frightened gaze and locked eyes with Aiden.
I gasped and I choked on my own breath. Instead of having a killer staring contest, stupid me burst out coughing and trying to not choke anymore. I swear with the shock of seeing Aiden glare at us with his death eyes and me suddenly choking; I was pretty sure I peed myself a little.
Taylor gasped and rushed forward and started tapping my back. I coughed a little more before finally calming down. When I looked up Aiden had shot one last glare at us before he turned around and left.
"Do you." I coughed again and swallowed."think He's going to kill us?" I asked Taylor who was still staring blankly at where Aiden stood.
"I don't know, but the look he was giving us suggests so." She sighed and leaned back. "Why do you have such a big mouth Indiana?"
"I didn't mean for it to come out so loud and I didn't know he was there." I whispered yelled at her.
Taylor looked at me and shook her head. "But the way you choked. It was priceless." She laughed and opened her locker that was right next to mine.
I grabbed my books and stuffed in my bag and coat. I rolled my eyes and slammed my locker close.
"Oh shit! I have to get my diary from the janitor's closet!" I exclaimed.
"You better hurry or class will start soon. I thought you were going to burn that thing." Taylor stated.
"I am! I planned on doing it today." I hugged her and rushed down the hallway. The hallways were quickly getting empty.
I ran to the other side of the school and walked into the janitor's closet. It was the usual things: cleaning supplies on shelves, a mirror on the back wall, and a little stool to sit upon. I closed the door softly behind me and turned around. That's when I heard it.
Aiden had his hands against the brick was and he was standing in front of the rectangular mirror. His eyes were closed and he was talking?
He can talk?
"Do I really look like a murderer? Is it really true?" His voice was deep and rich. It was like a caramel river. Each word that fell off his tongue seemed foreign. His voice was capable to take you away to another land. It was beautiful and enchanting. No one in our school had ever witnessed Aiden talk. I blinked once to see if it was real.
Aiden opened his eyes and looked into the mirror. He saw me in the background. His eyes turned cold and I reached for the doorhandle like it was the last silce of Luigi Pizza.
Aiden turned around and grabbed me before I could even turn the knob. He pressed my body up on the brick wall and put his hand on my neck, I wasn't getting air.
"If you tell anyone that I'm not mute. That I can talk, I will kill you. I will kill everyone you love. I will ruin your life and make it a living hell. I will be in your nightmares. As far as you are concerned, I am mute and you like everyone else has never heard my voice or heard me talk. Understand?" Aiden whispered into my face. His breath was cool and smelled like orbit mint gum.
I nodded my head and thanked God when Aiden let go of me and walked away. The world was starting to blur. I breathed in and out up until I regained my strength to move. I wouldn't tell anyone this ever. I was too scared of Aiden to even move at the moment. Only one question bombed my mind.
Why the hell does Aiden make everyone think he's mute? I had enough curiosity to find out.
Nicole's POV
My stomach growled in hunger as I waited for the bell. Due to my constant laziness and tardiness I forgot to eat breakfast. And to rub salt to an open wound, my last meal was yesterday afternoon due to the fact that I played online games till I passed out without eating dinner.
Finally the bell rang and all students including me ran off the cafeteria. I didn't bother to apologize if I bumped or pushed someone in the way.
"'Sup Nick! In a hurry?" I looked behind and saw my best friend Jane.
"Yeah! I'm so hungry as a bear!" My stomach growled in agreement which made Jane laughed.
"Geeh! You forgot to eat again last night! You'll get sick if you kept on skipping meal."
"Whatever." I shrugged as I waited my turn in the line.
We both saw our other friends Brad, Tony, James and Tin at our usual table. "Hey guys!" Jane greeted as we sat.
"Hi Nick, where's Julia?" Tony asked as he shove a sandwich in his mouth.
"We broke up." I deadpanned as I concentrated on my own meal.
"Oh yeah!" Tony said as he held his hand towards James and Brad.
"How much?" I asked. These three guys always bet on how long my relationship was gonna last. For some kind of reason, I can never kept a relationship for a month.
"Hundred bucks." James replied as he placed the bills on Tony's open palm. I was shocked to see that even Jane and Tin also placed thousand bucks each.
"Seriously? You two?" I sent an accusing glare to my two lady friends.
"Well... I really thought that you'll make it past a week this time." Tin explain. "Julia's such a nice girl. What the hell did you so this time to scare her away?" She questioned and I just shrugged. I may be a player but I always keep my relationships private.
"You owe me a new ps4 game Tony!" I said. Since they were betting on me, I should have some of the winnings too. "And a beer too!"
"Of course! First round on me on Friday!" He exclaimed in delight. Friday night was beer night and this week, Tony's hosting in his place. "And just let me know which game you want."
"So..." Brad my boy counterpart started. But unlike me, he just uses the girls for his release and he preferred older women, mostly college girls. As for me... I'm just misunderstood. "You guys have dates for the thanksgiving ball? It's a month from now."
"Come on Brad! You just want to boast your new girl. No need to rub it in our faces." James said. If there's one thing that this school's great at, it was party. 
"Well... If you have a model girlfriend that as hot as mine then you'll be doing it too."
"There's this girl that I wanted to ask but I'm afraid she'll say no." Jane replied.
"How can you say that if you haven't asked her yet?" Tin replied.
Oh my goodness! These two have a thing for each other for ages. They should just go out already. However, they can't since Tin was brought up in a very strict environment and was still in a closet and Jane had just came out.
"I'm not going. I'd rather play games than bore myself to death." I replied.
"Oh come on Nick! You're just saying that since you don't have a date to drag with you."
"Whatever... You know I can get anyone I wanted."
"Oh yeah you can." Brad said in a challenging voice.
"You bet I can."
"Okay... Let's bet for five hundred bucks then."
"Shoot!" I confidently said. Five hundred dollars should just be a dime for us since all of our parents were rich.
"You have until thanksgiving and that's around more than a month to make the girl of our choosing date you." Tony replied and I felt that I just fell to their bait.
But I'm not one to back out from any bets. "Okay. Who's the unlucky girl?" Since I'm one of the most popular girl here, I bet it's going to be easy to ask a girl out.
They tried to look around until Brad got James and Tony's attention. Their eyes widened and their face was full of evil grin. This was not good. Those looks were never good.
They have gotten Tin and Jane's attention too and both of them giggled in return. I suddenly had a bad feelings about this but I'm not the one who backs out on bets.
"We have decided." They all said and looked at the girl sitting underneath the big oak tree.
There's only one person who sits there during lunch.
Oh shit!
Emilia's POV
"You really should eat a more healthy food." Said the the man who sat in front of me. I paused my current task to accommodate his unwanted presence. It was lunch time, it's the only time that I reserved for myself. I placed the book that I was holding with my right hand down while I looked at the sugar bun in my left. "Here." He then handed me a sandwich.
"Thank you John but you really don't need to." John was currently the vice president of our student council and my number one suitor. He had all the qualities a girl could ask for. He got looks that can pass as a model. A well built and firm body due to his athletic abilities, he was also my rival in the spot for being the school's valedictorian and last but not the least, he was the only heir of their family's multi-million dollars company.
Most of the girls in our school, swoon over him. I said 'most' because he had an unusual rival... the one considered as the most delinquent student in our school and also a woman.
Almost everyone in this school have rich and influential parents. Since most students were rich and spoiled brats, they have offered academic scholarship to fullfil the student council role. Most of them were also too lazy to join sports, thus the athletic scholarship.
I was one of those people who was fortunate enough to enter this prestigious school via academic scholarship. I was born in middle class family and was doing well until all hell broke loose. Now, I sat here under a tree, eating a sugar bun to fill my empty stomach.
John had been trying to ask me out since freshman year but I always decline him. He was very likable person but my only goal was to graduate, go to college and help my family. i got no time for fun and love. I have too many responsibilities.
"Emilia... why won't you go out with me?" He asked again. Too many times that I have already lost count.
"You are a very nice person John... but you know my priorities right now." Aside from being my vice president, he was also my one and only friend. He knew my status and some of my problems.
"You don't need to burden it alone you know. I can help you." Most of the time, I'm tempted by his offer. It's the easiest way out. Date him, marry him, then let him help me and my family but my pride was too high. It's my family and it's my problem. I needed to take care of them and prove to my no good father that we were strong.
"It's not a solution John and you know it. I don't want to run away. I needed to face my own problem. Besides, I don't think your parents are going to approve someone like me." The last thing that I wanted to be called was a gold digger.
He was about to argue more but, thankfully, I was saved by the bell.
A/N:
I'm really sure about this story but it has been haunting me for a while now. So please let me know your thoughts.
He lit his cigarette, I lit nothing.
He drank alcohol, I drank water.
He smirked, I smiled.
He didn't love me, I didn't love him.
He and I together wouldn't last a day.
Bad boys were all the same, they were smart-ass hot boys that could make girls vulnerable. They ditched school and if they ever decided to come they were drunk. They picked fights with the school's all-American football jocks. They toyed with girls hearts just to fulfill their needs and then proceeded in tossing them away. They were notorious and I wouldn't dare fall for one.
And then the game started...
He said he found me intriguing, unique, and interesting because I didn't swoon over him.
"You and me Grey, let's play a game. We'll date and in three months time I promise you will fall for me. When you fall in love with me between that time span, I win. If in any way you were to win I'll give up all the alcohol, cigarettes, and player ways."
It was a game I wasn't willing to lose, but all games had accidents and consequences. 
It takes a broken heart to know how to break a heart.

 Tenía hambre, mucha hambre. Había pasado dos días enteros sin comer, ni siquiera las sobras que los amigos de mi mami dejaban, mayormente eso era lo que comía siempre. Tampoco había salido de la habitación, ella decía que era peligroso, y yo no quería desobedecerla. Estaba encerrada aquí, acostada en mi cama mirando el techo sucio y viejo mientras escuchaba la estridente música rap que sonaba afuera en la sala de estar. La casa no era muy grande, por lo que también podía escuchar las voces agudas de las personas, y sus gritos emocionados.  
 Mi mami no había entrado en la habitación durante mucho tiempo, no tenía forma de decirle que quería comer, que me estaba muriendo de hambre. Mi estomago retumbaba, molesto por no haberlo llenado de comida, y mi cabeza también dolía mucho, como si mi cuerpo se estuviera quejando. No era mi culpa, sin embargo, mi mami se había olvidado de mí y no se acordaba que tenía que alimentarme. La última vez que comí fue en la escuela, cuando la profesora me dio la mitad de su almuerzo porque decía que me veía muy delgada. Me preguntó si tenía dinero para comprar comida en la cafetería, pero le dije que no, que mi mami nunca me daba dinero para nada.  
 Ahora eran las diez de la noche, y yo tenía que estar durmiendo porque mañana era lunes y tenía que ir a la escuela. Pero ni la música ni mi hambriento estomago me dejaban dormir, el sueño nunca llegaba, ni siquiera podía cerrar los ojos y tratar de relajarme. Afuera se escuchan los gritos de las personas, a veces el sondo de vidrio rompiéndose y gemidos de mujeres. No tenía idea de lo que pasaba afuera, así que me daba mucho miedo salir.  
 Intenté mirar la televisión, para tratar de concentrarme en algo. Pero el sonido de la música no me dejaba escuchar, y mi viejo televisor no tenía mucho volumen.  
 Quería llorar ahora, estaba muy cansada y hambrienta. Extrañaba a la señora Phillips, mi vecina y mejor amiga. Ella había muerto hacía una semana, mami me había dicho que le había dado un ataque al corazón por comer demasiadas frituras y dulces, y que sus hijos habían vendido su casa. Cuando lo supe, quedé muy triste, era la noticia más fea que había escuchado en mi vida. Mi vecina fue la única persona que me ayudó en las tareas, ella me daba de comer casi todos los días y me regalaba galletas para la cena cuando sabía que no podía ir a visitarla porque mami se enojaba.  
 La señora Phillips me había dicho que su marido había muerto de un accidente cuando tenía cuarenta años, y que desde entonces vivía sola con sus gatos. Ella muchas veces me escuchó mientras le contaba como mis compañeros en la escuela me trataban mal por no tener un papá, y porque mi mami casi nunca iba a buscarme y tenía que regresar sola a casa. También se ofreció a que viviera con ella, pero mami nunca lo permitió, decía que yo era suya, y que tenia que vivir a su lado.  
 Desde entonces sólo nos veíamos en las tardes cuando mami dormía, me daba de comer y nos sentábamos frente a su televisor a ver dibujos animados. Hasta hace  una semana, cuando nadie me dejó ir a su casa y mi mami me dijo que había muerto. Me sentí muy mal, tanto que lloré la noche entera, ni siquiera me dio hambre. La señora Phillips había sido mi mejor amiga en el mundo, mi única amiga, y a pesar de que vivía con mi mami, estaba sola de nuevo.  
 Mi estomago gruñó otra vez, provocando que mi dolor de cabeza aumentara. No soportaba el hambre, quería comer lo que fuera, ni siquiera me importaba. También tenía sed, pero la había mantenido a raya tomando agua del chorro de mi pequeño lavamanos en mi pequeño baño, como mi mami me había dicho que hiciera cuando tuviera sed y hubiera una fiesta afuera.  
 Cansada, me levanté de la cama. Tomé un mono de deporte y me lo coloqué sobre mis flacuchas y delgadas piernas. En la escuela hace pocos nos pesaron, y yo había sido la de menor peso en toda la clase. Las profesoras y enfermeras habían dicho que necesitaban hablar con mi madre urgentemente, pero ella nunca fue, había dicho que estaba demasiado ocupada para esas tonterías.  
"Calm down," he said as he brushed the broken glass off his forehead.
"Calm down?!" I shrieked. "You're telling me to calm down after a man just tried to kill us in the middle of the night and is now laying right over there dead?!" I said pointing to his limp, none moving body.
"His fine," River said as if it were no big deal. "I didn't hit him that hard."
I looked at him in pure shock. What was wrong with this guy?
"Now come on," he said grabbing my arm and leading me away from the man.
"No, we have to call the ambulance!" I said trying to pull myself out of his firm grip, but failing due to my lack of strength.
"No," he snapped, "They'll notice he's gone and call one for him and when they find him, I don't want to be here and neither do you."
"Who are-"
"Cat, listen, the less you know, the better," he said. "Now let's just go so no more people get hurt, okay?"
I looked at him. Sweat had formed all over his forehead and a look of urgency was written all over his face. Blood was now leaking from the nasty cut on his forehead and looked like it would need some serious tending.
I looked between him and the guy laying on the ground, before I finally settled on him.
I'm probably going to regret this later. I thought to myself as I took  a deep breath before nodding and without a second thought, he continued pulling me away.
****
Cat was your average girl; she maintained good grades, loved Netflix, and valued her nails more than life itself, but her life changes when she quite literally runs into the biggest bad boy in her school: River Parker. Aka, the boy who doesn't give a damn about anything or anyone except his very few close friends, including Cat's best friend Liam.
But little did she know that her 'run in' would throw her into a life of drugs, gambling, near death experiences, love, and so much more.
And to make things worse, she might be falling in love with him and his dangerous ways.
  © 2016

"So you're finally free?"
            Looking up, my gaze landed on a mop of messy, dirty blonde hair. My best and British friend, Lance, took a seat at the table across from me setting down his lunch tray. He cocked his head to the side, waiting for my response.
"Guess so," I finally responded, giving him a quick smile before returning my attention to my lunch. Bagel.
            "About time," he responded with a relieved look. "I thought you were going to be grounded forever."
            I grimaced at him. "I did too. It was pretty unfair of my mom to ground me after the wedding."
            "Well, can you blame her?" my other best friend, Casey, pitched in, frowning. "She found out that you were involved with a gang by you being stabbed and ending up in the hospital. If I was your mom, you'd be grounded for way longer."
            I scratched the back of my head, grinning sheepishly at my friends. "She was pretty upset about that... Still is."
            Lance leaned across the lunch table towards me, lowering his voice. "And yet she wasn't upset when she found out you were dating a teacher."
            I sent him a warning look. "Shh! And no, she doesn't care. Apparently my dad was also a teacher. Didn't I tell you that?"
            "No," Lance and Casey responded simultaneously.
            "Well now you know."
            Casey grinned. "So it runs in the family, huh?"
            Before I could answer, there was a tap on my shoulder. Casey's eyes snapped behind me as I turned, frowning slightly. A younger, female student I didn't recognize was standing behind me, holding out a small piece of paper. Wordlessly, I took it from her, recognizing the well-formed penmanship immediately.
            "Another lunch meeting?" Casey inquired, leaning to the left so she could see it. "This is like, the tenth time this month."
            Flushing, I quickly crumpled up Chris's note, crushing it into a little ball. Casey smirked as I stuffed it into my pocket, pushing myself up from the table. "Lance, will you bring up my trash?"
            He gave me a wry smile. "Of course, Holly."
            "Have fun," Casey chirped, winking at me.
            After shooting Casey an exasperated look, I headed out of the cafeteria. The halls were completely empty and I hastened through them, eager to get to Chris's room. He was smart to send a different student to get me every time he wanted to talk to me so no one would get suspicious. I entered the science wing, looking around for any rogue students before slipping into the biology classroom.
            "Mr. Heywood?"
            "Do we have to go through the rubber band process again?" a voice demanded from behind me, making my heart leap into my throat.
            I twirled around, coming face-to-face with my biology teacher. He raised an eyebrow, his beautiful grey eyes piercing into mine. The rubber band process... I winced, remembering the painful time. Well, it wasn't painful for me, but I figured it was for him. Every time I called him "Mr. Heywood" instead of "Chris" outside of school, he'd snapped a rubber band on his wrist. At first I was amused by it, and called him Mr. Heywood on purpose, but then I started to feel guilty, and I finally gave up. Somehow I had gotten out of my habit of calling him Mr. Heywood.
Okay, if you guys think that's what exactly happened, I might rephrase it a bit... I didn't...
Actually he kissed me..... Oh My God!!!... He actually "Kissed" me...!!!
But before you guys start thinking of any romantic scenery with music playing in the background or doves flying across the sky, I must tell you, it was nothing like that.
It was a random act from his side, a sudden decision which apparently changed both of our lives.
Please read on to know more about it...
Love you all... XoXo ;)
Hello, this is the sequel to my Wattpad Love. This is just a little taste of what's coming.
Enjoy. 
Growing up. 
All rights reserved.
Preface
"I want to grow up" Did you say it when you were a kid? I know I did. Have you regretted growing up at some point in your life? Have you wished you could be a careless child once again? I know you have. Everyone has. 
The more you grow the bigger the challenges, the obstacles, the pain. Life gets serious. You get serious. You forget to smile at the morning sun shining down your face. You are too absorved by your problems to notice the beautiful world surrounding you. 
And when life gets hard, you wish more than anything to turn back in time and be that small child who did not know anything when he said "I want to grow up"
Not all is bad though. Everything becomes more intense as you move forward in life. You experience new things, you're always learning something. That is the way is supposed to be. Growing up can be hard and painful but never forget. ..Growing up is necessary . 
I finished the page and let out a long breath. That was just the beginning. I had so much to write after all I'd been through for the past year.
"Jules! Dinner's ready!"
"I'm coming!" I yelled back, getting on my feet. 
Are you ready for another chapter of my life? Things are about to get ugly but this is life. 
Get your glasses and coffee up, it's time to read and enjoy Growing up.
xx
-Creo que me he enamorado de la nerd al leer su diario.
-¿Su diario?
-Si el diario de Sam. Suena raro lose...
-Muuuy raro...
¿quieres saber mas?
Todo comienza con un grupo llamado F.A.Four que gobierna cruelmente la secundaria Preston School, haciéndoles la vida imposible a todo aquel Nerd que pise allí, Sin embargo el líder del grupo (Dylan Crawford) selecciona a la mas nerd para entrar (Sam copper), la chica menos inesperada de la que se enamoro.
Pero ante todo esto, hay algo oculto entre el lider del grupo, cuyo chico se enamora de Sam. Un gran secreto que nadie sabe, ni siquiera el mismo. Aquel secreto les hara la vida imposible a ambos protagonistas y solo podras saber de ello si llegas al final del libro ¿podras averiguarlo?
¿podra Sam contra esto? ¿podran ambos chicos saber quien es el desconocido que arruinara sus vidas? ¿podran quedar juntos al final?...¿que esperas para comenzar a leer?
 Odio-Amor♥
Cliche al comienzo y un Final descabellado que dara un giro de 180 grados;)
 Inicio: 21/07/16
******
G.A:
Obra 100%  Mia, no acepto copias y/o adaptaciones.
Y Pues Bienvenidas/o a mi nueva obra "El diario de sam" espero les guste y no olviden en votar y comentar:)
One:
__________________________
Damn Monday, straight to the fiery pits of hell.
That's a mantra I've always believed in, even before today. But today, on this particular Monday, I can't think of any better words to describe how I'm feeling.
Why, you ask? 
Let's start at the beginning...
__________________________
RING
RING
RING
My phones ringtone was blasting incessantly at full volume, forcing me to unhappily roll over in my bed to grab it.
"Hello?" I mumbled groggily, squinting my eyes from the blinding light coming through my curtains.
"What the hell, you better not still be in bed right now!" my best friends voice yelled through the speaker.
My eyes snapped open in horror as I looked over at my digital alarm clock. It was 7:47 AM, Monday morning, and school started at 8:00.
"Audrey?!" Lauren's voice got louder, "I'm parked in your driveway right now and I swear to god if you're not out here in five minutes, I'm leaving!"
"Okay, okay I'm going!" I yelled, shooting up and running to my closet, tossing my phone onto my bed. 
I quickly yanked off my tank top and fuzzy pajama pants, scanning my measly selection of clothes for something to wear.
I decided on a long sleeved purple shirt and blue jeans, barely having my zipper pulled up before I dashed to the bathroom to brush my teeth. After putting on deodorant and pulling up my golden-blonde hair into a messy bun, I grabbed my school bag and ran down the stairs. 
I pulled on my black ankle boots over my jeans and slid on my black jacket, figuring my mom would understand why I didn't say goodbye as I ran out the door.
The harsh December air was biting at my face as I ran across my frost covered driveway, and I breathed a sigh of relief when I slid into Lauren's car where the heater was blasting.
As soon as the passenger door was shut we took off, speeding through the streets where thankfully there was little traffic.
Lauren looked over at me, a smile hinting on her lips, "You're lucky. One more minute and I was about to be gone."
I laughed apologetically, knowing she would never really leave me but I still felt bad. She had moved here almost a year ago, and we had been close friends ever since.
It was 7:57 when we pulled into our schools parking lot and got out of car. Hurrying towards the front entrance, Lauren looked up at me with a mocking glare, "Because of you, I get no time to hang out with Tyler before class!"
I rolled my eyes, "I'm sure you'll manage." They started dating like 8 months ago, and their honeymoon phase never seemed to end. Every morning I had to run away from Lauren and find my other friends or else I'd be forced to watch their make out sessions.
Clearing my mind of these thoughts, I waved goodbye to Lauren before walking into my AP Psychology class without a second to spare.
...
Luckily, the day was going by really fast, and it was already the last period of the day: US Government. I slumped down in my desk, closing my eyes because we still had five minutes until class officially begun.
My few seconds of peace were interrupted by obnoxious laughing. I opened my eyes and looked up to see the laugh belonged to none other than Trent Blake. Aka: Lauren's twin brother.
I rolled my eyes as he entered and a group of guys trailed in after him. This was nothing new; he was loud, full of himself, and distracted the teacher for at least half the class every day.
I thought Trent was an okay guy at first, but when Lauren started dating Tyler, the role of the school "player" was unofficially passed over to him. As he got more and more girlfriends and treated them like trash, I started to think of him less as Lauren's brother and more as a cocky asshole.
All the fake girls in this school, who used to throw themselves at Tyler, now throw themselves at Trent. Even I can admit Trent is unbelievably attractive, but I could never truly like him with the way he treats girls.
The chatter immediately got louder when he came in, and out of the corner of my eye I saw multiple girls perk up and subtly start twirling their hair.
"Alright, alright. Settle down class, it's time to go over your final project of the semester," Our teacher, Mr. Moss, said, clapping his hands together to get everyone's attention.
The entire class groaned loudly at this, including me. 
"You have one month to complete the project, I expect you to utilize the extra time during winter break and get it done."
People groaned even more at this, and he pursed his lips, "You're almost halfway through your senior year in high school. Stop acting like eighth graders and get a better work ethic."
I rolled my eyes at this, as he went on to explain that we had to create a poster board describing the three branches of the government, and a homemade video summarizing it, using real life examples.
I yawned, already planning on when I was going to do it.
Then he said those words I always hate, "Now, I know you'd rather pick your own, but I will be assigning your partners."
I looked around in alarm as he started listing off pairs of names, and I couldn't help but mentally go through a list of everybody in this class. 
A good ten people were airhead girls who would be no help at all; another five were stoners who would have no idea what was going on, but there was always Amy Richards.
I looked over at where she was sitting in the back of the room. Sure, she had frizzy orange hair and a face full of acne, (not to mention her breath reeked) but the girl was a genius and really nice. I decided that's who I wanted to be paired with.
My dreams were instantly crushed when, two seconds later, she was paired with another girl.
I narrowed my eyes when he had called almost every one in the class except me and three other people.
My heart started racing when I realized all that were left were me, two blonde girls, and Trent Blake.
No. NO. Oh my god, I would take an annoying girl over Trent Blake any day! Please, please oh dear god- "Audrey Ross and Trent Blake."
I turned away from Mr. Moss to look where Trent was sitting. I lost my train of thought for a minute looking at him. His golden-brown hair was tousled in a messy way that framed his face, and his chocolate colored eyes shined as he looked around with a large grin, emphasizing his jawline.
Then, the idiot had the audacity to look around stupidly and say, "Who's Audrey?"
I snapped back into reality and glared at him furiously. My cheeks burned as multiple people pointed at me.
His eyes met mine and his lips tilted up into a smirk, "Oh this is gonna be great."
_______________
Hello! 
If you're here and you're a fan of Changing Mr. Popular (my other story), then I really hope you give this spin-off story a chance! 
Anyway, here's the first chapter. I know it's kind of short but don't worry, it's going to get longer! I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, vote and comment what you think! 
BTW..This story can totally be read as a stand-alone :) 
          
                  
Prologue
"SIGE NA, GABBIE?" I pleaded together with my pouty lips and puppy eyes. Kanina ko pa siya pinipilit pero kahit ano'ng gawin ko, talagang hindi ang sinasagot niya sa akin.
She gave out an exasperated sigh and sipped her iced coffee. She looked really torn between giving in to my whims and standing by her belief. "I don't know. Alam mo naman kung gaano kahirap kausapin si Dane, 'di ba?"
Don't I know?
I could only just nod. I've been studying here for the past three years but never once did I get the chance para kausapin si Dane. Every time I would try... para akong aatakihin sa puso palagi! I swear that man would be the death of me!
"Pretty please?" I said, trying to run out my luck.
Everyday for the past years, I would pester Gabbie para ipakilala ako kay Dane. She's his best friend and I befriended her para may common friends kami ng soulmate ko! Yeah, I get it, user ako. But could I care less? She's the only way para mapalapit ako kay Dane! And I've come to like Gabbie and her peculiar ways sometimes. And besides, Dane was way too out of my league. Not that I am saying na wala akong kwentang babae, I have my moments pero once you see him, intimidation would be your implicit response.
He rarely smiles.
He never talks with his eyes.
It's like... he's dead.
"Okay, fine, I'll try," she said, giving up to my whims.
I smiled and clapped my hands.
"Yey! Thanks, Gabbie! The best ka talaga!"
She rolled her eyes while returning my embrace. "Yeah, yeah. Say that pagkatapos ka niyang isnob-in."
I only gave her a small smile and walked my way out of the coffee shop. I was sure I'd have a hard time because Dane's no ordinary guy... but that only made me want him more. Para kasing mas challenging. Mas may chase. May masarap sa pakiramdam kapag finally, nakuha mo na.
Pumasok na ako sa class ko since I could not afford to fail this course. Masyado na akong madaming absences dahil sumisilip ako minsan kay Dane sa archery class niya. Could you blame me? I'm just a... lady in love. Or maybe I was already out of bounds but I would always end up justifying my actions when it comes to Dane. Parang palaging may dahilan kahit minsan, alam ko na para na akong baliw na nakasunod sa kanya.
Some say it's a preposterous idea kasi not once ko pa nakausap si Dane pero eto ako, ang lakas ng loob sabihin na mahal ko si Dane. But they don't know how it feels! 
They don't feel the butterflies in my stomach whenever he's around.
They don't have their heart skip a beat whenever I stare at his face.
They don't know how my stomach clenched into knots when he shot me a stray glance.
They just don't get it.
During the class, I tried my best to concentrate. Nabalitaan ko kasi na ga-graduate with highest Latin honor si Dane kaya eto ako, umaasa na kahit Cum Laude lang makuha ko. Ayaw ko namang maging kahiya-hiya kung magiging boyfriend ko siya tapos ang pangit ng transcript ko! 
After class, I immediately went out para kunin yung sasakyan ko. Pupunta akong mall para maghanap ng damit! I would be meeting Dane for the first time tomorrow! As in first time! Palagi kasi akong nagkaka cold feet pag malapit na siya. This time, sisiguraduhin ko na mapapansin na niya ako! Three years of waiting in vain was already enough!
Hinahanap ko yung susi ng sasakyan ko sa purse ng may nakabunggo ako. I was about to say sorry but... He walked away. 
And ignored me. Like he always does. 
Like Dane always does.




**IM USING A NEW WRITING STYLE , HOPE YOU GUYS LIKE**
JAH'NICE
Its been 5 years since all that mess happened back when I was in high school, me and my family was living a good life. 2 years ago Julian family brought us a big spacios condo apartment for Christmas, we pay our own bills easily. Julian father gave him the company that he was working for , so now he is CEO and owner of the company the youngest there too he is only 23. After I finished high school , I went to college for two years, and then started working as a social worker for Jackson North hospital, I was the youngest at my job too I was only 22. My Baby Kain was now 4 years old and his birthday was right around the corner.
" Mama , can I have cookies?" Kain asked coming in my room .
" Wait , daddy on the way with some pizza " I said rubbing his curly hair.
" Is it kind with red circles ?" He asked.
" Yes baby , come on so you can get washed up for dinner " I said grabbing his hand.
I went in the bathroom and washed both his and my hands and by the time I was done I heard Julian coming in the house.
" Daddy ! Daddy ! " Kain said running to him.
" Hey son , & hey baby " Julian said hugging us both.
JULIAN 
I hugged my son and Nicey , and then I fixed all of our plates , and then we sat at the table to get ready to eat.
" How was work bae " I asked Nicey.
" Work was work , but I hear we got a new recruiter coming in soon , and I have to show them the ropes " she said rolling her eyes.
" Well what's wrong with that ?" I asked.
" I just don't like people & it's a lot to learn so it's gone be a lot to deal with." She responded.
" Well I told you you ain't gotta work bae , I make enough to take care of things." I said.
" I like working baby , don't worry about it " she said smiling.
" Okay " I said kissing her face.
" Kain , you done eating ?" I asked him.
" Yep " he responded. 
" I'll get him washed up " Nicey said .
" No , I got it baby , you relax." I said picking Kain up.
JAH'NICE
I watched as Kain left with his father , I finished up in the kitchen and then went in my room. I picked out what I was going to wear to work tomorrow, and then what I was going to sleep in tonight. Then I went and started my shower.
" I love you " Julian said creeping behind me .
" I love you too & I didn't ask you to join my shower. " I said laughing 
" But you dont want me to leave" he said pulling me closer and rubbing my back.
" Julian stop , Kain is in the other room." I said kissing his cheek before pulling away.
" Wait till tomorrow " he said biting his lip.
After we showered each other we both layed down and went to bed.
------------------------------------------------------
JAZZ
" Dont fucking lie to me Trey , who you had in my fucking house !" I yelled at my boyfriend. 
" This my house, and I told you no got damn body " He yelled back at me.
" I pay bills here too , Dont fucking play, and stop lying if you ain't have no body here who the he'll left they stanking  ass panties , huh ?" I yelled crying .
" Those are yours I told your ass that , stop asking me this shit. " he responded walking away.
" Lying ass but it's okay , if you gone walk away , then I can too." I yelled back.
I went into my twins room , and got there bags together , and then I got my purse and keys , and I buckled my kids in there car seat and left.
I knew for a fact Trey lying ass had been cheating, he cheated so many times it's crazy, and my dumb ass go right back to him again. It's just he the father of my 2 year old twin girls, Jayla and Jazel Tillman . He was a good dad, but a horrible boyfriend, and we've been together since graduation 5 years ago. This time I think it's over for good.
------------------------------------------------------
Jah'nice
The Next Morning
" Kain hurry and finish your cereal so I can get you to school and mommy can get to work" I said.
" Alright baby I'm out " Julian said coming from out of the room.
" You look so handsome in your suit and tie" I said straigting his tie up.
" Baby you tell me this every morning. " he said laughing.
" Well cause you be sexy every morning " I said biting my lip.
" Thanks bae " he said kissing me.
" Kain , give daddy a hug before I leave." He said going over to his son.
" otay " Kain said hugging him.
Then we all left , because I pass by Kain school on the way to work , I always drop him off , and Julian gets off a little be for me , same time Kain gets out of school, so he picks Kain up.
............................................................
" Mrs.Wilson , you have an appointment at 9:00 , and yesterday you schedule an different appointment at 9:30" My assistant said comming in my office.
" Can you call the 9:30 & tell them I rescduled to 10:00 " I responded " Yes ma'am " she responded going back to her office.
Work here was pretty easy , it was very quiet and everyone had there own cubical office. Basically all we did was go in to people's medical records and fixed the mistakes the doctors made on the computer.
MULAN 
" I can't keep putting up with this Demetrius " I said breaking into tears.
" Putting up with what ? You got a life people dreamed of, You got a husband , daughter , You rich , what more do you want girl " Demetrius yelled back.
" Rich ? This dirty money Ace , you are a fucking drug Lord , you don't think I get tired of the police knocking at my door looking for you , or people following us , and plotting against us, we gotta think what's gone be best for our daughter Demetria " I said.
" Man , I ain't trying to hear this I'm taking care of my baby , and my wife , but I guess that's too much for you" he said walking out.
I was so pissed, he just did 8 months in prison and was acting like it didn't happen , he back to king of the drugs. We lived in a 2 story mini mansion , with a pool and Jacuzzi, we had 8 bed rooms and 5 and a half bathrooms. In the bank we had about 4.8M but it was all dirty money from his drug selling .
** SO WHAT YOU GUYS THINK SO FAR ? COMMENT AND LET ME KNOW ❤**
Hey, everyone! 
Basically, this chapter is just to talk for a bit on what this story will encompass, and what it will not encompass. As well as my personal feelings, and me begging you guys to read and vote and comment. Alright? :)
This story WILL contain slight depression, angst, and many tears. Bullies, homophobic assholes, and plain idiots. This story will ALSO contain, however, a lot of happy moments, fluff, romance, and KISSING. Also, I can't stand to read stories with absolutely no character development and horrible grammar, so expect that in this one! I'm going to treat these characters as real human-beings, and I'm going to try to make it realistic while also making it entertaining. Alright? (Oh, and a LOT of fucking profanity. Kristopher doesn't play by society's rules!!!)
This story will NOT contain full-blown sex. Even if a sex-scene does happen, I'm not going to write it actually happening. It's likely to get time-skipped or something like that. I don't want this story to be rated M, and the thought of me actually writing something like that is hilariously uncomfortable.S-So yeah, none of that. There also won't be any gore, or . . . Well, what you THINK will be in this story probably will be, and the unusual stuff won't be. Okay? :)
Zinnias P.O.V
'But why?!' She sobs pathetically.
'I already told you why! You bore me. You're not as... exciting as you used to be,' I tell her, a smirk playing on my lips.
Marisa immediately stops sobbing and looks at me straight in the eyes, her own blue ones getting noticeably darker. 
'I can be exciting...' She whispers, making small circles on my shoulder.
I stare at her for a while. She is kinda hot...
'No, Marisa. We're finished. Good. Done for. Kapeesh,' I say sternly but happily.
'We're O-V-E-R. Over!' I yell, sounding out each letter. 
And with that, I strut away from my ex, not bothering to look at her disgusting makeup and tear strewn face.
Popular. Attractive. Womanizer. Landon Reeves, you're still The Man.
I walk into the hallway, earning a few stares from the girls and a couple of approving nods from the guys. I make my way over to my locker to lock up my bag. 
'Aye, Landon. I heard you dumped Marisa,' one of my friends, Kyle hollers from behind me. He is holding a black drink bottle, probably containing alcohol or something. He's such a crazy party animal.
'Yeah I did,' I reply nonchalantly. 
'This stupid locker,' I mumble to myself as I fumble with my lock. This school can't even get proper lockers?
'What the hell man? She was so hot!' He complains, lightly punching my shoulder. 
'Yeah, but I'm over her. She's so prissy and annoying,' I sigh.
'Can I have her then?' He asks casually before taking another swig from his bottle. I look at my friend incredulously before shrugging my shoulders after shortly realizing I didn't give a shit.
'She's all yours.'
'Really, dude?' Kyle says, raising an eyebrow at me. 
'Yeah. You can have her,' I repeat, making my way to my homeroom class. 
'Oh, and by the way, whatever you do to her I've done it first!' I yell over my shoulder. He swears at me but I just walk off, smiling.
Oh, that's what I forgot. Where's Paise? I suddenly remember as I stand outside my class. The bell rings, signaling the commencement of homeroom. Oh well, it doesn't matter. I'll catch her later.
I walk into homeroom, dapping a few of my friends and winking at a couple of girls before making my way to my seat. Did I mention I was the hottest and most popular guy at school? 
The teacher rambles on about something as usual, but I don't pay attention, as usual. 
'Okay students, we have a new student joining us today,' Mrs Marie announces out of the blue.
Who comes almost at the end of the year?
The class continues bickering amongst themselves and I go back to boredly staring out the window. 
'Students, silence please! Show a little more respect to our newcomer, Ashton Bailey.'
The class is unusually quiet for a while so I decide to see what's making them silent all of a sudden. I look up and see the new boy. I squint at him. He looks familiar...
He has tousled brownish blonde hair, deep dimples and bright blue eyes. I've seen those eyes before, but where? 
I finally give up after a few seconds of deep thought, not caring anymore. 
MY FIRST CRUSHthe title says everything about the story
"She likes himHe likes herEveryone knowsExcept them!!"Story will be based on this tagline..It will be a flashback of school time crush story of Sandhir
First crushwhat is your definition of first crush?
When you get attracted towards some one for the first time?when you have strong desire for someone but the feelings won't exactly be same way back from that person?when you want to be with that person all time?you smile for no reason like an idiot?when his one glimpse makes you feel happy?when he smiles you skip a beat? & if you are the reason behind that smile you feel like you conquered the whole world?you start day dreaming about them & your future with themyou will get married with him hereyou will go on honeymoon deryou literally even think of your babies namesyou juz get crazy thinking about themright??that's all about your first crush
but ppl say with time crush gets crushed xDits one side love& it always remains one side love only!!you & your heart only knows about that lil secret
That school time masti with frnzthat hide & seek type eyelocks with your crush& when you dont feel like going to school but still you go juz to see your crusheeee...those days were awesome right??
want to relive those moments in sandhir style??
well you are at right placethis story is about Sanyukta Agarwal who meets her first crush Randhir Singh Shekhawatafter years coincidentally& they both decide to recollect der school memories..
she had a big crush on randhir from school times but never confessed her feelings to him!!she was scared as she was different from randhirif he was the star of the schoolthen she was no onepeople hardly know her!!!both were like north south poles!!!
but where will der destiny take them this time?are they single in der life or moved on?
wanna know der full story??
for that keep reading...
...TBC
Thnku ^_^
Let me know ur views😛
& I hope I will complete dis story & won't leave in middle😂🙈
If boy on boy situations with varying degrees of intensity, religious parents, sarcastic teachers, copious amounts of fluff, British spellings, downright daft humour and the exuberantly plentiful use of profanity offends you in any way, shape, or form, this story is probably Not for You. I regret nothing.
The utterly amazing PandaGutxo is a wonderful person, who drew loads of goreous fanart for this story. She's a gift to the human race *3* . I'll post each picture with it's corresponding chapter, and you can view them all via the external link, should you feel so inclined.
Cheers! =]
Completed October 2011
Featured in Teen Fiction 04/01/16
________________________
Despite the fact that I was indeed fifteen years old, my mother and father still thought that if they sent me up to my bedroom while they 'discussed things' in low hushed tones, I wouldn't twig that something was going on. Which was why, at ten o'clock on a Saturday night, instead of hanging out with my non-existent mates, I had my face pressed up against the keyhole, trying to make out their quiet whispering.
"Well they've taken her into hospital."
I frowned. That was my mother's voice. She sounded stressed and more than slightly worried.
"And they don't know how long she'll be in but they're guessing at least another month or so."
My dad coughed and the couch squeaked, meaning he must have shifted over to sit beside my mum. I closed one eye and squinted into the keyhole, but I couldn't get a good view through the fine gap in the metal.
"Look Tracey, everything will be fine," my dad shushed, trying to halt my mum's soft sobbing. "Linda will be ok. And for the meantime, I've got no problem taking in Jay for a while... We're his Godparents after all, so it really is our responsibility."
What?
"Yeah," my mum sniffed, wringing her hands. "Why don't you go collect him after we explain everything to Ash?"
At the mention of my name I stood up a little straighter... and knocked the door open in the process.
"Um... Explain what?" I asked cautiously, trying desperately to keep my expression blank. Both my mum and dad saw right through the act and exchanged a panicked look, wondering how much I'd heard. I sighed.
"Look, explain what? Who's Jay?"
"How long have you been listening at that keyhole?" my dad demanded. I rolled my eyes. He was obviously trying to change the subject and I wasn't going to let him get away with it.
"Long enough," I murmured, shrugging casually as though it was the most natural thing in the world. My dad however, wasn't going to let me away that easily.
"How long have you been doing that? What if we'd been talking about something private?"
"Like what?" I snorted. I guess I was being rude, but I really didn't care. "My birthday present?"
"Family matters," my dad snapped. I raised an eyebrow.
"It's real nice that you don't consider me part of your family, dad. Thanks a lot."
Rather than the shocked reaction I was hoping for my dad simply glared at me like he was telepathically scolding me. He was used to my sarcastic remarks and dry humour by now. Everyone was. I was just that kid who made snarky comments in the corner for the kicks.
"Ok, ok, I get the point," I grumbled, raising my hands in defeat. I considered taking out a hankie from my back pocket and waving it like a white flag, but I didn't think my humour would be appreciated at this particular moment in time.
And the tissue wasn't exactly clean either...
"Right, you remember Linda McCallion?" my mum started. "Tall lady, blonde hair, got you that gold baby bracelet that's lying in my jewellery drawer?"
"I've got a gold baby bracelet?" I asked. "Since when? Can I sell it?"
"Not appropriate," my dad interjected, sending me a warning look. I scowled.
"What? I'm not exactly gonna use it, am I?"
My dad opened his mouth to respond, probably to tell me to shut up, when my mum interrupted.
"Linda's got lung cancer. And she took a stroke and now she's in... she's in hospital."
Her voice finished several tones higher than normal and she bit back a sob, tears welling at her eyes. I stood uncomfortably, unsure of what to do, what to say. I'd never had anyone close to me even just sick before, never mind on their deathbed.
"Oh... Uh, I'm sorry?"
My pitiful attempt at comforting my mother totally backfired, and soon thick salty tears were dribbling down her cheeks. Awkwardly, my dad wrapped an arm around her shoulders, whispering consoling words in her ear. I put my hands in my pockets and stared out the window. I was a pretty useless teenager. Just a surly, snarky git.
"Now is not the time for sarcasm, Ash Jamieson!" my dad snarled, only causing my mum to break down even more.
"I'm not being sarcastic!" I folded my arms across my chest, taking the defensive stance. "Much as you think I'm a total brat dad, I wouldn't joke about this..."
He studiously ignored my last comment.
"Linda has a son," mum mumbled after a moment, still choking back tears. "Jay. He's your age, Ash. You probably don't remember, but you used to play together as kids..."
I shook my head. I didn't remember what I had for dinner last Tuesday, never mind my toddler days. Those memories had long since disappeared.
"Anyway," she continued, wiping her streaming eyes with a shaking hand, completely disregarding the large mascara stain now imprinted on her cheek. "Your dad and I, we're his Godparents. So, you know, it's our responsibility to take him in if something happened to Linda..."
"Um... Godparents?" I asked warily. "What's a Godparent?"
My dad shot me a look. "You should know that Ash. As a practicing Catholic."
"Oh, I've been an Agnostic Atheist since I was thirteen," I replied, waving a hand of dismissal. "I just never got round to telling you guys..."
It probably wasn't the best time to drop that bombshell on my parents, but really. I hadn't attended a mass since I was twelve, so I'd been hoping my lapsing faith was kinda obvious.
"It basically means," sighed my mum. "That we're going to take in Jay, just for a while. At least until his mum gets out of hospital. Your dad's going to pick him up now."
I refrained from pointing out that dad was quite clearly still standing in the living room, his arms entwined with her own.
"So he's gonna live with us?" I asked, my eyebrows rising a good few inches at least. Mum nodded, chewing her lip.
"Oh... So will he like, take the couch or what?"
"Ash! We are not bringing the poor boy into our home only to chuck him onto the couch. He'll be sharing with you."
"Um... I don't mean to alarm you or anything," I said slowly, picking my words carefully so I didn't upset her more. "But my bedroom's tiny. It's a squeeze with just the single and the desk in there, never mind the whole shebang of another bed. Hell, I wouldn't even get a sleeping bag in there. There's a reason I've never had a mate stay over..."
The last part of that was a lie. I didn't really have any mates as such. Ok, I didn't really have any mates at all. I was just... different.
"Look, we're sorry Ash, but he's gonna have to share more than a room with you," dad said. "You're gonna have to go top and tail."
"What!?"

Description: 
After the divorce of her parents, Marley Parker stays in North Carolina while her brother and father move to California. Ten years after the divorce, Marley finds herself being forced to move across the country to live with her very wealthy father and brother. 
Marley's brother seems to be Mister Popular while she remains the quiet 'nerd' as her brother's friends would call her. 
She loves her brother, but will she survive being Mister Popular's Little Sister?
Follow Marley's journey that will consist of love, hatred, laughter, and tears in Mister Popular's Little Sister.
author's note:
Hey, guys! So this story will have updates but probably won't be regular as 1. I haven't been motivated to write it, but I'm getting back into the story (or trying to). Update: i'm motivated and have a good idea as to how I want the story to go. 2. I'm going to be entering my last semester of high school in January of 2016 so I will be a tad busy. 3. I'm not 100% sure how I want this story to go. 
Feel free to message me whenever. (: I'm not scary. And don't think because I have one million reads on this book that I'm too busy to talk to y'all. I'm a normal human being just like everyone else. 
Thanks! 
.j
The sun rose and the night slowly turned into day. The sunlight were hitting on the curtains of my room. I heard my alarm clock ring. I sighed as I rubbed my eyes and stretch my arms. I opened my eyes and looked at the clock. It was 5:00 am. The perfect time for jogging around the park. I went to the washroom and got changed into my my gymn outfit.
I ran down the stairs and went outside and started to jogg. After a while, I came in our house and closed the main door and took a towel and whip my sweats. I looked at the clock and noticed that it was 6:00 am. Good! Now, I can make breakfast. I went in the kitchen and started to make breakfast.
"Hey Avery!" I heard my elder brother, Alex, said as he came downstairs.
"Good morning big brother," I said as I took the breakfast on the table.
I live with my big brother and my big sister. Our parents are being always in other country doing their businesses. So, I grew up with my siblings alone, and stsrted to stay with them since I was only 5 years old. Big brother is a very nice man and he is very over protective around me and my sister. Well . . . He is the eldest from all of us. He is a businessman and he is still single although he is 29 years old. Me and my sister insisted that he should get married but he wants us to be settle first before he moves to his married life.
"Good morning Avery and big brother!" We heard out sister saying it as she came to the dining room to have breakfast.
"Good morning sis," I said as I hugged her.
"Good morning Amelia!" Big brother said.
She sat on the table and started to out breakfast. Sis is 25 years old and she is already married. But her husband is in Germany working so big brother told her to stay with us because she needs to be taken care of, especially when she is with a unborn child in her womb.
From the time when I was 5 years old, dad and mom are always into work, so big brother, sis and me live alone at home. Sis is really sweet and nice and she is like a mom to me sometimes. She knows everything about me. She is very previous to me and so is her unborn child so I always do all the house work so that she doesn't need to do any work. Big brother is also very important to me so I often help him in business so that he doesn't need to do all work alone.
I finished my breakfast and said, "I will be going to the school now."
"Wait Avery, I will drop you to your school," big brother said as he finished his breakfast quickly and grabbed his files and hugged sis. "Amelia, take care and if anything happen, inform me."
Big brother is not only over protective but very caring towards us but at his work, he is known as the most stick person.
"Bye sis!" I said as I hugged her and she hugged me back.
Then me and big brother went near his car and drove me to my school. I was still in high school in grade 11. I got out of the car and said, "Bye big brother!"
"Bye and take care!" He said as he drove his car away.
I turned around, finding my friend Rachel standing. "Hi Rachel!" I said.
"Hey!" She said as she hugged me. "Your brother is so cool!" She said.
"You say that to every guy you see, Rachel!" I said as we went in the classroom and I took my seat.
Ding dong! The bell rang as all the students came in the class and sat on their seats. Our teacher, Ms. Quinn came in the classroom with a student following her. Is she a new transfer student? I never have her in this school.
"Hello class! We have a new transfer student!" The teacher said.
Boys in our class was drooling over her. She had long blond hair and very fair skin. Not to mention, she is actually pretty, well compare to me. I barely take care of my beauty like over girls. Most of time, I am working so I don't get that much time for make up.
Before you read, I hope you aren't thinking this story romanticize abuse. It really saddens me that someone might think this way. The main characters are not in a relationship, so before you think about commenting any hate please read. 
I just wanted to write a story about a certain topic which is 'Bullying', I've read and heard many stories about it and it came to my attention that the topic was kind of ignored.  
I hope you think before you comment any type of hate because it hurts sometimes.  
This is dedicated to everyone who gets abused, physically or mentally. If you're abused, please contact someone, don't stay silent about it, because it will affect you. 
[And for the ones who are worried about me, I don't get abused. Thanks for your concern] 
My teacher once told us she was abused for nearly 10 years and she kept quiet because of her two kids, and it makes me sad because a lot of mothers stay silent because of their kids. 
I'm always here if you need to talk to someone. Just know you're loved and you're gorgeous, both inside and outside.    
 { are you are ftr or str?}
Copyright 2012 © All Rights Reserved
Hey guys, this is my very first story here on Wattpad so please read with an open mind and don't forget to support by voting! It means a lot to me and even though it may not be the best story out there, I still hope that you will enjoy it. :) Psst, I can assure you, you won't be disappointed!
FYI, this is unedited, but I will edit the whole thing after I finished the story, so don't worry!
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not."
 ― André Gide, Autumn Leaves
**********
Raina Evelyns
I stare at my mom in horror, my mouth agape as she announced the news cheerily.
No way... I must be dreaming. Can somebody pinch me please, anybody. No, scratch that a slap may be better. 
"He will be renting the room opposite yours and I heard that he's in the same school as you, isn't that a surprise? You guys can even become good friends!" she rattles on happily, with a hopeful look on her face.
I tried breathing normally as my head throb Breathe Raina, breathe...
Oh god, no. This can't be happening. This is a dream, yes it is. I squeeze my eyes tightly and pray with all my heart and soul that it is all my delusion and when I wake up, it is just gonna be another darn morning. 
I open my eyes slowly and see my Mom giving me a funny look before beaming widely.
My shoulders slump resignedly. "I can't believe it," I muttered.
I should have known in the morning when I broke my alarm clock and missed my bus. It was a sign! A sign from the divine that a storm is brewing. And boy was I right.
"Xander will be arriving soon. We will welcome him warmly right?" she asks with another hopeful look, patting my shoulders.
I return her smile with a flat look before heaving a long sigh. "Why are you renting that room out? Why didn't you discuss this matter with me?"
"To earn some extra money of course. And besides, the house is so... empty. It used to be so..." she replies sadly. I look away, a pang of emptiness washing over me.
"We don't need that 'extra' money... I will take care of that," I say softly, feeling a little guilty as I caught the hidden meaning behind those words.
"We do, Raina. And besides, you will have a new friend to talk to; you won't be lonely anymore," she reason out with an encouraging smile, the palm of her hand resting on my cheek gently.
I nibble my lower lip in silent as I glance at the room next to mine. "I'm not... lonely."
Trapped with an Arrogant Bad Ass © xXMopelXx 2012 All rights reserved. 
This story belongs to me. Any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, distribution, or selling of my work is an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of this copyright is punishable by law. 
If you enjoyed, please remember to Comment and Vote <3 It really motivates me. Also, this story will be placed in the Watty Awards 2013 under the 'Adventure' category so please support it! With all that being said, Happy Reading everyone :)
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                     Chapter [1]: Rescuing Damsels In Distress, Eh?
“Ella, hurry! I'm closing in five minutes!” Mrs. Morgan's gravelly voice boomed loudly, echoing trough the library.
“Coming!” I called back abruptly, and furiously smacked the machine in a vain attempt for it to go faster.
Of course, it didn't work. Tapping my foot anxiously against the linoleum floor, I folded my arms across my chest and patiently waited for this poor excuse of a printing machine to work faster.
Here I was, on a wintery Friday evening, inside my school library, printing out my biology paper for my assignment. If it weren't for my little seven year old brother that enjoyed wasting my ink by printing out a countless amount of spider-man colouring sheets, I would not be stuck in this situation.
Saying that I was utterly pissed would be an understatement. I was beyond that, maybe even bordering near the edge of livid. Not at my brother, but at the how Thompson High was poorly equipped.
My school wasn't lacking in the cash department. I mean, my parents made it a point to donate a generous amount of money every year, so why was it that they still hadn't found it within themselves to upgrade a little? The question still baffled me to this very day.
Licking my chapped lips, my gaze darted around the quiet library, confirming the fact that I really was the last one left. It made sense why Mrs. Morgan was in such a hurry and kept ushering me every now and then.
I pulled out a lip balm from my coat pocket, and smoothed it over my dry lips. Once I was satisfied, I shoved it back in it's confinement and sighed, leaning back against the wall behind me.
Mrs. Morgan and I had never been on good terms, so maybe it wouldn't hurt if I purposely stayed behind a few extra minutes just to irk her. It amused me when I got under her skin, and frankly, as far as I was concerned, the old hag deserved it. She wasn't even remotely similar to nice.
She had an apathetic expression permanently painted across her face with her cat-eye shaped lunettes perched over the bridge of her nose. She didn't even try to look happy. The only time I'd seen her come close to cracking an emotion was when she was yelling at me, or going on about how I was nothing but a mere dumb klutz with pom-poms.
If only she knew my outlook on her antics. Other than yelling at me, the old twat's stern expression only crumbled when she was conversing - or should I say 'shamelessly flirting' - with the old janitor possessing the fake weave. The geezer was known for checking out every girls' ass, especially the pretty ones, so it was no surprise to me if they ended up together.
Glancing wistfully at the printing machine, I bit my lip and twined my pointer and middle finger together as I practically prayed for it to go faster.
I woke up to the sun shining through my bedroom window and looked over at the clock, it was already 9 O'clock!! My dad would've already left for work, which means it just me and my brothers. 
Brody is the oldest at 18, he's a senior this year and super popular. He is the captain of the football and basketball team. My other brother is Noah he is 16, he's also popular and plays many sports. Then there's me! I'm Landon, I'm 11! I'm pretty popular too! A lot of people say me and my brothers are chick magnets but I don't like that. I want a nice and down to earth girl and not a popular cheerleader that's stuck up! But I'm only 11 so I'm not looking for a girl at the moment. Now back to my life.
 I ran to my brother Brody's room because when I'm bored I always like to mess with him, but only if he's in a good mood which is most of the time. I walked down the hallway and was met with Brody's white door. Now I'm not one for knocking which pisses of my brothers but what can I say that's just a waste of time! I barge in and see him still sleeping with his shirt off and laying on his stomach. I walk over trying to be extra careful not to wake him up with noise. Once I'm close I bellyflop right on top of him.
 "Mhmm" he mumbles. "Brody get your fat butt up!" I yell at him.
 "Landon shut up I'm trying to sleep." he says tiredly. "No, I'm bored and dads not home. Come do something with me!" I whine/say. 
He rolls over knocking me off the bed. My head hits one of his weight and I groan out in pain.
 "BROODDYYY WHY DID YOU DO THAT!! My head hurts now" I pout. "Awe shit I'm sorry. I didn't know you would fall off. But in a way it's your fault you shouldn't of been on my bed" He says. 
I sit there clutching my head in pain. That's gonna leave a bump I thought. 
"C'mon lets get you an ice pack." Brody says while getting out of bed with his messy hair and in only boxers. He comes around the side of the bed and stands right in front of me. He picks me up and throws me over his shoulder.
 "Brody put me down!" I pound on his back. "No and your little muscles are doing nothing you should really go to the gym with me." He says while laughing. He jogs down the stairs with me on his shoulder and walks into the kitchen where I see my other brother, Noah sitting at the island eating food.
 "What are you guys doing?" he asked. "Brody pushed me off of his bed and made me hit my head on his weights and now I have a bump on my head." I say while glaring at Brody. Noah just laughs in response. "It's not funny I could die!" I say not finding any humor in this! 
Brody sets me down on the island and goes to the freezer and gets me a blue gel ice pack. He throws it at me and says,"Dramatic much, it's just a little bump it will be gone by tomorrow." I huff and take the ice pack with me to the living room and I turn on the tv. 
After awhile I hear my stomach growl. I forgot breakfast. I walk into the kitchen hoping to find one of my brothers because let's face it I can't cook. One time I tried making pancakes for my dad on Father's Day and the pancake caught on fire on the stove and let's just say I'm not allowed to cook anymore. 
I walk in the kitchen and find Noah in the same spot as earlier still eating. I walk up behind him and give him a big hug.
 "Hey Noahy can you make me breakfast pleaseeeee?" I ask dragging out the word please. "Fine but don't ever call me Noahy unless you want me to beat you up" he said while pulling my arms off of him. 
"Deal bubba" I say using my nickname for my brothers. I have called them that since I could first talk. Noah got up off of the chair and turned to look at me and said "What do you want to eat?" Hmh I thought trying to figure it out.
 "Oh I know!! Cinnamon rolls!" I said happily. He looked at me like I was crazy and said 
"Yeah right I'm not giving you that much sugar. I don't want you to be extra hyper. How about eggs?"
 "Ugh fine" I say grumpily. He gets out all the ingredients and pans and starts cooking. 
I sit down at the island and put my head on the cool table. My eyes start to get heavier and heavier and soon I'm out.
Noah's POVI just got done making eggs for Landon when I look over and find him asleep with his head on the table. I chuckle a little when I see a little puddle of drool. I put his eggs on a plate and set it in the microwave to save it for later. 
I walk back over to Landon and pick him up gently. He automatically wraps his legs around my waist and his arm around my neck, with his head resting on my shoulder. 
I take him up the stairs and to his room. I pull back his cover to his little twin size bed and lay him down when he starts to whine. "Mhmm" Landon whines. I rub his back in small circles and shush him a little. He rolls over an looks at me. "Noah I'm tired." Landon says while yawning.  "Ok you can go to sleep buddy." I say while kissing his head. His eyes start to close when I hear little snore coming from Landon. I cover him up and leave once he's totally asleep.
Hello there, 
Firstly, thank you so much for viewing my work. I will try my best to make this book as interesting as possible. Also, editing will be done now that the book is complete. 
Secondly, I would love to hear your suggestions as long as they are presented *politely*. 
Thirdly, the story may seem similar to many on Wattpad but no, this is a pure work of my mind. I haven't copied anything. And I would request you all not to copy anything from my work too. 
Thank you. Read on. 
Love,
Nikki ❤
Hi, This is my first story. I might get better along the way. Who knows? Thanks for reading 
~
Minnie's P.O.V.
   
  "How on earth did you convince me to come to this," I say to Ramona nearly dodging a piece of bologna falling from the ceiling. 
     "I'm as surprised as you," she says. "OMG. Will you look at Grey Maddox and Nikki Sanders?" 
     "No thank you," I say, but out of curiosity I look over at our predicted prom queen and Mr. Player. 
     What's so "Awesome" about him? I mean yeah he's attractive. I don't see the big deal. Looks isn't everything. And I'm not just gonna give up my V-Card to a guy who says he loves me just to get into my pants. 
     "I wish he'd go after me," Ramona says dreamily. 
     "Snap out of it," I say slapping her which earns me a glare.
     "Can we just leave," I ask her. "This partying thing isn't quite my vibe." She rolls her eyes, but walks out with me. We get into by beat up Toyota and drive to my house. 
     "Wow, you're quite the party animal," Ramona says sarcastically," 1. Whole. Hour. Such a rebel," 
     "What can I say?" I ask flipping my hair dramatically over my shoulder before throwing a t-shirt at her. 
     "Hey! Jerk!" I laugh as she falls over my couch and onto the ground. 
     "Shouldn't you be getting home," I ask her, plopping onto my bed and cross cross apple saucing it. 
     "Nooooppe," she says popping the p. 
     "But it's Sunday night," I say .
     "And...." Ramona says trailing off. 
     "Whatever," I say," I'm pooped from partying so hard. Night," she throws a pillow at my head in return. 
~
    Minnie's P.O.V.
"RAMONA. GET THE HELL UP BEFORE I PEE ON YOU" 
   "No thanks," she says rolling over. I pick up a pair of jeans and unzip them. 
     "I'm up!" She says shooting straight up. 
     "That's more like it," I say throwing the jeans on the floor receiving a very inappropriate finger.
     I walk into the bathroom and take a shower before putting on a pair of cutoff shorts and an orange shirt and cross necklace with white converse. I throw my red hair into a sock bun and walk out the door keys in hand to see Ramona standing in my bedroom with a donut wearing sweatpants and a hoodie. I chuckle at her appearance and we head down the stairs. 
     "Bye mom," I yell out. 
     "Bye sweetie," she replies. I grab my hobo bag and Ramona and I head to the hell teenagers call school.
~
Sorry it's so short, but  whatevs. ✌
-Layla
What would you do if you were forced to marry a jerk? A rich jerk. 
	Some girls will marry that person since he's rich and some don't because he's a jerk. My side is the girls who don't want to marry that rich jerk. In some countries, girl can marry guys when they're 16 and sometimes 18 too. I'm 18 right now and I have to marry a guy from my school who is a total asshole. Great, isn't it? My life is all screwed up. My parents are divorced and my dad is married to another woman. A.k.a. step mother. Ever since he got married to my 'new mom', I always wondered why I decided to stay with my dad not with my mom. Anyway, my dad is acting like a bastard lately and he and my step mom decided to arrange a marriage for me. They want me to marry the cutest but also the stupidest guy in school. And his name is Landon.
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Thunder. All I hear outside of the living room window is thunder. I remember I used snuggle close to my dad and hide under the covers whenever there was a thunderstorm. But that was only when I was 6. Now, I plug my ears with earphones and listen to IYAZ on my iPod as I wait for the thunderstorm to go away. It's mid August and it's suppose to be sunny out but instead, there's rain pouring down on my roof. I gazed out of the window and sighed. My cellphone suddenly beeps and vibrates on my lap. I picked it up and looked at the bright screen. It was a text message from my best friend, Darcy.
Darcy - Crappy day isnt it?
Me - Tell me about it. 
Darcy - Im bored. Can I call u?
Me - Go ahead
	As soon as I replied back, my phone rings. I pulled out my right earphone and answered it, "Hey Darcy. What's up?"
	"Nothing. It's raining cats and dogs. My mom just said that a while ago." replies Darcy.
	"She's right. The rain's so loud, I can hear it through my earphones." I said.
	"Oh really?" she said, "Hey Skye. Are you excited for next week?"
	"Sorta. Excited and nervous at the same time. I can't believe we're gonna be Seniors!" I said.
	"I know, right? At the end of our Senior Year, we're going to graduate and go to college!" she said, happily.
	"I'm going to miss you when we leave for college." I said.
	"Me too. Let's make Senior Year a year to remember!" she said.
	"Skye! Lunch is ready!" calls out my dad from the kitchen.
	"K! Be right there!" I called out back.
	"Gotta go?" asks Darcy.
	"Yeah. Bye Darcy." I said.
	"Toodles." she said and hands up. I put my phone down on the coffee table and walked into the kitchen.
	"What's for lunch?" I said as I helped my dad set the table.
	"Fried fish and minestrone soup." says my step mom, Layla, as she pours the minestrone in the bowls.
	"Yum." I said, sitting down in front of the table.
	Sometimes, the house gets lonely without my real mom. I never wanted my parents to divorce. But they had to. I was the only child when they divorced and I was 5 back then so I didn't know what was going on. I still am the only child but sometimes, I want an older brother or sister to hear my true feelings and understand them. Of course, that'll never happen.
	When my dad and Layla got to the table and sat down, we started to eat. Usually, nobody talks while eating but today, Layla starts up a conversation.
	"So, Skye. Are you ready for the first day of school next week?" she asks me.
	"Um yeah. Kinda." I said.
	"My little girl's finally a Senior in high school. Hard to believe." says my dad, smiling at me.
	"Sure is." I said.
	"Have you decided which college you're going after you graduate?" she asks.
	"Not yet. I'm still choosing." I said.
	"There are so many good colleges to choose from. You should choose wisely, Skye." says my dad. I nodded as I wiped my mouth with a napkin. There was an awkward silence after that my dad and Layla looked at eachother.
	Layla clears her throat and smiled at me, "Do you have a boyfriend yet, Skye?". After the word "boyfriend", I literally started choking on my food. My dad pats me on the back as I finally swallowed it.
	"Boyfriend?" I asked.
	"Yes. The best thing about high school is falling in love." she said.
	"Speaking of boyfriends, you haven't had one since your sophmore year." says my dad.
	Right, sophmore year. I remember my boyfriend from that year. His name was Ricky. Four words: He was a nightmare. He was my crush ever since 6th grade and when we started dating, he started to treat me like crap. I didn't feel loved so I dumped him. Dumping him was the best feeling ever. And besides he was a terrible kisser.
	When I finished my meal, I got up and walked up to my room.
	"Did we make her feel uncomfortable?" I heard Layla ask my dad.
	"Probably. We shouldn't have asked her that." he said.
	I made my way to my room and sat on my bed. A boyfriend...do I need one?
(Remember to follow me and vote/comment on the chapter!)
AARON'S P.O.V:
"Come on," I desperately muttered into the dirty glass mirror.
This couldn't be happening. This could not be happening. How could I let myself get high a few hours before seeing my parents again?
Because I was a complete idiot. That's why.
"Talking to your reflection ain't gonna help, man."
I let my eyes drag over to Ethan who was casually lounged back on the small sofa in his tiny living room, a cigarette in one hand, and his old crappy phone in the other.
Bringing my attention back to the cracked mirror, I tried focusing on myself - focusing on anything! Yet I could barely do it; everything in the room just looked so fucking blurred and hazy.
"I'm supposed to be meeting my parents in 10 minutes!" I stressed. "I look like an owl Ethan... A fucking owl! I swear to god, this is the last fucking time I'm getting high with you."
Ethan jumped up off the sofa, stumbling a little where he stood, before balancing himself up against the wall next to me.
"Whatever man," he muttered. "I need to piss."
I sighed, my pupils were so dilated there was no chance my mum wouldn't notice. She could always tell when I'd been up to no good.
Ruffling my hair I got to my feet, grimacing as I made my way towards the staircase which dropped straight down from the living room floor as if we were in the loft.
"Later," I called over to Ethan who was unsuccessfully trying to squeeze himself into one of the smallest toilets I had ever seen.
He waved his hand half heartedly, taking a drag from the cigarette held between his thumb and finger as I left the room. I squeezed myself through the narrow, carpet-less staircase, making sure to avoid all the dangerous looking nails which stuck up all over the place.
The first thing that hit me when I stepped out onto Camden town high street, was the strong pungent smell. Food from all of the market stalls mixed with the scent of weed was the comforting stench that I had spent my entire life growing up with. It was definitely something you got used to. 
The next thing that hit me was the crowds. Crazy people with pink afro's and grown men in high heeled stilettos rushed past, acting as if it were normal to be dressed the way they were. Although, if you lived in Camden, it was more normal to dress like that than it was to dress up casual. I inhaled a deep breath of fresh air; it was nice getting out of Ethan's tiny, cramped house. 
I was still living with my parents, which was kind of weird for an 18 year old round here. I just couldn't bring it in myself to move out though. We could barely even afford the flat on top of our London souvenir shop we lived in. I didn't want to think about what would happen if I wasn't there to take shifts and help with the work load. 
Our small family shop was literally just across the road from Ethan's house. Weaving in and out of people, cars and bikes was a daily chore when you lived in the busy town of Camden, in the busy city of London. You'd think - considering how busy it was - that our little souvenir shop would be doing a lot better than what it really was. But unfortunately, that wasn't the case. My mum always dreamed of renovating it completely and creating a hand made jewelry shop instead of the tacky thing we were running now. It was an amazing idea; the only problem was that we had no money to do it with. 
Forever and Always His
Chapter 1
                                Three Years Ago- Age 14
                “You love me, right?” Everett asked, his forehead pressed against mine.
                A small smile appeared on my rosy red lips, as my nose barely brushed against his. My eyes closed, as Everett pulled me closer to him from my waist. “I love you.”
                A laugh escaped Everett’s lips, hot breath tickling the top of my lip. I shuddered under my skin, as Everett’s hand traveled down to my spine. “Will you be mine forever, Riley Monroe?” he asked.
                “I’ll be yours forever and always, Everett Rosenfeld.” I whispered.
                                Two Years Ago- Age 15
                “I’m so happy that you skipped out on lunch with your parents to cheer me up today.” I sighed, staring at the big, fat D that was written in red marker on the top of my recent chemistry test. “I haven’t gotten anything lower than an A minus since middle school.”
                Everett smiled, as he stirred the marshmallows that were floating on top of his mug of hot chocolate. We were currently in our favorite local café in town, The Gingerbread House. We’ve been hanging around here since we were kids, and each time we came together, we always got the hot chocolate.
                “Well, I know how much your grades mean to you.” Everett smiled. “After all, you are a little nerd.”
                I gave him a playful glare, before I broke out a grin. As much as I pretend to hate it when Everett teased me for caring so much about my grades, I secretly loved it. “Shut up, Mr. I’m Barely Passing Algebra with a C.”
                Everett grinned, as he flicked my nose with his fingers. “You said you would never make fun of me for my grades.”
                I rolled my eyes, as I gave him a teasing smile. “Yeah, but you promised me that-“
                Suddenly, his phone vibrated against the table, as I my eyes darted towards it. “Who is it?” I asked.
                Everett picked up his phone, reading the caller ID, before cursing under his breath. “Crap. It’s my mother.” He sighed. “I was supposed to meet with her for lunch today.”
                My face immediately darkened with guilt, as Everett gave me a reassuring smile. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll just tell her that I was with you. She loves you, remember?”
                I laughed, before Everett picked up the phone. Immediately, his face frowned. “Who is this? My mother’s in the hospital?” Everett’s eyes widened. “Uh, I’m Everett Rosenfeld, her son. Yes, I’ll be there immediately.”
                Everett hung up quickly, as he jolted up from his seat. My eyes were wide with confusion, as I stood up with him, exiting the café. “Everett, what’s wrong? Your mother’s in the hospital?” I asked worriedly, as we got into Everett’s car. Everett’s hands were shaking as he gripped onto his steering wheel, tears already welling up in his eyes.
                “They told me that she’s in the emergency room. She got into a car accident on the way home to find me.” Everett said, his voice barely on the edge of cracking.
Prologue:
 
                Goodbye.
                One word with different meanings. It could mean ‘see you later,’ ‘see you tomorrow,’ or ‘see you in a while.’ It can also mean goodbye forever.
                For example, when I left my house today and told the housekeeper goodbye I meant it in as a see you after school. Never did I think I’d end up in the situation in which I am now in. You see, I have dealt a lot with that word, goodbye.
                Six years ago when I bid my parents adieu on their business trip I was expecting them to come back. I didn’t expect a tall man in uniform to come knocking on the mansion’s door with the unbearable news of my parents’ demise. It was at that time that I secluded myself into a shell of the lively girl I used to be. I mean, I’m still the same person but I don’t let many people in.
                In school I’m known as Khloe ‘the nerd’ Mason. Who cares, I certainly don’t pay attention to the comments that run the rumor mill at school. People make fun of you for actually going to school to learn and wanting to educate yourself, okay. Sure, I don’t need a career I have plenty of money that I will inherit in a couple of months when I turn eighteen but my parents loved what they did and I want to find something equally as fulfilling.
                In school, I’m not only a nerd but I think you could call me the outcast as well, people take too much time envying what others have that they turn it into hate. You may find this preposterous but yes, I am shunned because I have more money than others.
                So, here I was another day and another round of idiotic comments that don’t even make sense because I’m sure calling the nerd ‘stupid’ is very creative, note the sarcasm. I decided that I needed to clear my mind after school, so I went for a walk. There are two parts in this town, the ‘lower class’ and upper class’ which is really stupid no one is extremely poor or extremely rich, well, except for me. I own the only mansion in the neighborhood but my parents chose to live here.
                I hadn’t notice my bearings as I walked, I was too lost in thought. I furrow my eyebrows as the street becomes quieter and that’s when I notice dark has completely fallen upon me. People have made their way home and are now enjoying the comfort of their house. I pull my hoodie over my head and hug it closer to my body as the temperature descends with the sun.
                After walking for a while I begin to grow weary, I may be the school’s nerd but when it comes to directions I mine as well be a mathlete learning to play football. Utterly confusing. My lungs are practically screaming for much needed air.
                I come to a stop in a secluded spot and lean against the wall trying to even my erratic breathing. My head snaps up to my right as a door bangs open in the alley that I apparently was standing in. Two men stagger out throwing punches at the other.  I hold my breath trying to remain unseen, invisibility don’t fail me now. Three more men come out to watch the event unravel. Well, I thought they were men, but they are indeed younger. There I say my age. Wow, who knew gangsters came in different shapes and sizes.
                As all of this is unraveling I hear a speeding car to my left and I turn to face a black tinted car. They come to a complete stop in the alley that I was standing in. I sink further into the wall if that’s even possible. The three Adonis’s face turn towards our direction but I’m glad to say no one is looking directly at me.
                “They came for Lucy!” a man frantically tells the younger guys. That snaps them out of their macho stare down causing them to hurry inside, probably to go check on this Lucy person. For some reason, I scoot down to my right, having the eerie feeling that the people in the car aren’t so nice. Maybe the others know about a thing called mercy.
                I am now so thankful for that flickering street light because it’s helping in keeping me concealed. In what seems like seconds later the three guys come out with guns and one holding some sort of package and that’s when the ones in the black car decide to come out. Is this like the door to Hogwarts and I didn’t get memo? I shake my head from my thoughts and focus in on the action once again.
                It looks like it’s all happening in slow motion when in reality everything is going so fast. The guys that came from inside begin to chase the other ones down but the leader seems to be looking around frantically. I wish I could say what he looks like but it’s too dark to make out any features. As the streetlight flickers on again he takes notice of my figure trying to remain concealed.
                He seems to debate with himself on something but makes a quick decision, a decision that may have changed my life forever. He runs towards me and I back myself further into the wall.
                “Here hold this,” I can’t see his eyes, all I know is that he is very tall. I look down at the bundle he put in my arms and immediately shake my head assuming it’s some sort of drug package.  
                “You will take this,” his voice leaves no room for argument. It’s as if he has authority and a shiver runs down my spine. I will never forget that voice.
                “Come on!” I hear the others’ screams. He looks back and turns one last time bending down to the package in my hand.
                “I love you, goodbye Lucy,” I tilt my head in confusion but he’s already gone. What kind of drug lord names their drug packages?
                I look down at ‘Lucy’ and move the blankets a bit to the side. My eyes widen at the not so little package, it’s not even a thing.
                When he said goodbye I didn’t know if he meant it as in ‘I’ll be right back’ or ‘I’ll see you tomorrow’.  I stood there holding the blanket close to me.
                “Go!” he turns back screaming and I ran, well as much running as one can do.
                This is how I was stuck with the bad boy’s…..what?
                Drugs?
                Gun?
                No, this is how I ended up with the bad boy’s baby. I hold the little girl closer to me, shielding her from the cold weather.
                “Don’t worry Lucy, I’ll keep you safe,” I place a kiss on her forehead and she giggles. As if she understood, a bond is formed. 
Author's Note:
Hey guys, this is a new story hope you enjoy. Pic of Khloe on the side;) Please vote and comment i would love to hear what you guys think!!!!
"Alexandra if you don't get up now I am going to drag you out of bed myself!" I can hear my dad yelling from the bottom of the stairs. 
"I'm serious it is already 7:20 you are going to be late." he says as I slowly lift myself out of bed.
"I'm up, I'm up!" I hate mornings. It might be my first day of senior year but school is still school so I'm not that excited to go. I have been dying to get out of that hellhole for the last three years. The morning I wake up excited will be the morning I no longer have to deal with annoying and overly dramatic teenagers but until then I will take my sweet time to get out of bed. 
I have never really made a big deal about my first day of school so I don't plan on wearing anything fancy. I settle for a pair of skinny jeans, a long sleeve shirt because it is like the arctic circle in that building, and my favorite white converses. Before going downstairs I head to the bathroom to brush my teeth and try to get the tangles out of my chestnut hair.
"Look who finally decided to get up." My dad says as I enter the kitchen. 
"Good morning to you too dad." I say grabbing an apple from the basket on the counter.
"I wanted you to hurry because I have a surprise for you."
"Dad you know I hate surprises."
"Yes I know but this is a good one now close your eyes." I closed my eyes and then he grabbed my hand and slowly walked me outside.
"If you walk me into a wall I am going to shave you bald in your sleep." 
"If you didnt talk so much then maybe that won't happen." This is the kind of relationship my dad and I have, we argue and bicker back and forth but I love him. "Okay now open." I did as he said and nearly jumped into his arms when I saw my surprise.
"No way!!! Thank you so much dad I love it." I say engulfing my father in a hug. He bought me a car and the one I have been asking for too.
"Think of it as an early graduation present, now leave! You are going to be late."
"Okay I will see you later dad"
"Well I have a big project today so I won't be home until late." My dad says while opening the door to my new car.
"I'll get the take out, Chinese?"
"Yeah that is fine! Have a good first day Alex, I love you."
"Love you too." And then I drove off.
We live in a very small town just outside of Albany, New York, maybe no more than 1,500 in population which is odd cause you expect New York to be jammed with people but that's only in the city. I have always liked it here but sometimes you get tired of seeing the same faces all the time. Most of the people in my graduating class, I have been going to school with since kindergarten. My dad didn't appreciate that I am going to apply to out of state colleges only but hopefully as the year goes on he will understand my reasoning and see me for the responsible teenager I am. I just need a change of pace, I need new scenery. And sadly, for him, I can't get that here.
New story!!! Comment what you think!!!
See you soon my pets!Class dismissed!!

As soon as I woke up, I knew it was The Day. After a night of tossing and turning and cursing just about everyone, I fell into a fitful sleep that was so unfilling, I felt like a burnt piece of toast upon waking up. But even worse was the dread- today was the day I was to meet my "husband," the man who I was going to lose my virginity to, and the father of my first child.
I just prayed to God he wouldn't suck.
Sitting up, the butterflies in my stomach took on a whole new life. Even though the last thing I wanted to do was eat, I figured I should at least attempt to drown the damn things with orange juice. I walked through my pure white room, about as virginal as I was, and petted my cat Lilac on the way out the door. She meowed at me, as if wishing me good luck.
I was going to need it.
At the kitchen table sat my mother, her cheeks hollow as she attempted to eat a whole plate of eggs. My mother was one of the few survivors of what was now dubbed The Great Age Plague, which essentially took out everyone's parents, including my dad. I smiled sadly at her as she attempted to stomach the scrambled eggs. Her apetite had shrunk signficantly since the plague, as she nearly starved to death while sick, and now she was attempting to stretch her stomach back into a normal size. I still remember when she dieted for New Year's Eve years before the plague.
She looked a lot sadder today than she had ever been since my Daddy's death. She knew what was going to happen to me today. Although I had ample time to get to know my new "husband" and almost two years to get pregnant, I still didn't have a choice who my assignment was, which I knew made her sad. At my school, couple's were allowed to apply for the choice of who they reproduced with, but I've never had a boyfriend my entire life; the only person I was really close with was my best friend Cally, and it's not like I could have a baby with her. Cally was probably already pregnant with her boyfriend's baby, as soon as she found out about the new law she just went ahead and asked him. Although I was happy for her, I was also extremely jealous- she was so lucky to have a boyfriend who loved her.
"Adira, are you sure you don't want to just... I don't know... move to Italy?" my mother asked. I almost laughed- there were no people left in Italy, we both knew that. I shook my head.
"No Mom.... Look, it's not... It's not that bad," I tried. I frowned and poured myself a glass of orange juice. I was trying to stay positive for her sake, but it was just so hard. She sighed, rubbed her face, and put on a smile.
"I guess you're right.... you know, it will be nice to have a baby around the house. I bet she will be just as adorable as her Mama... I can't believe you're going to be a mother," my mom said honestly. She smiled for the first time that morning, and it lit up the room. My moms always been great at finding positivity in everything. I wished I could be like her. All I could think about was losing my virginity to a stranger and trying to go college with a baby.
I shrugged.
"Don't get too excited, I'm not pregnant yet," I said as I finished up my orange juice. After leaving the kitchen, I hurried to put on a nice outfit and make up. At the very least, my new husband will at least think I'm pretty. I put mascara on my eyelashes, framing my baby blue eyes, and curled my blonde hair. Finally, I put on a little pink blush and lip gloss. I don't like to wear a lot of make up.
After that, I went to my walk- in closet filled to a the brim with clothes. I tried on what felt like a million outfits before settling on a black circle skirt and cozy maroon sweater. I grabbed a book off my shelf to read during the ceremony and stuffed it into my faux-leather shoulder bag.
Here goes nothing.
„Jasmin, aufstehen!"
Ich stöhnte auf und zog mir das Kopfkissen über den Kopf. Ich hatte keinen Bock auf Schule. Da waren alle eh nur Idioten.
„Jasmin!! Auf der Stelle!"
Ich rappelte mich auf und streckte mich. Während ich ins Bad schlurfte, murmelte ich: „Sind wir hier beim Militär oder was..." Blöderweise hörte mein Vater das.
„Reiß dich zusammen, junge Dame!" Er funkelte mich aus seinen strahlend blauen Augen an. Ich war mein Leben lang traurig darüber gewesen, dass ich nicht seine Augenfarbe hatte. Stattdessen hatte ich Mamas Braungrün geerbt. Seit einem halben Jahr war ich nicht mehr traurig darüber, seit...
Ich schluckte und wischte meine Gedanken beiseite.
„Jetzt mach! Du kommst noch zu spät!"
„Wäre auch nur ungefähr das siebzehnte Mal in diesem Monat...", murmelte ich.
Ich wollte nämlich einen neuen Rekord aufstellen. Ich musste James schlagen, er hielt momentan den Zu-spät-komm-Rekord.
Wieso ich mich so scheiße verhielt? Ganz einfach.
Ich wollte von der Schule fliegen.
Damit ich zu James auf die Schule konnte. James war mein bester Freund. Das Gymnasium, auf das er ging, lag am anderen Ende der Stadt und hatte nicht nur einen viel besseren Ruf als unsere Schule, sie war erstens auch nicht so ein Gefängnisgebäude und zweitens war dort der Schnitt von allen Abiturienten immer mindestens um 0,4 besser als bei uns.
Find ich einfach nur krass.
Ja, und auf diese Schule wollte ich gehen. Doch Papa war dagegen. Was hatte ich getobt, geschrien, gebettelt und geweint, dass ich Schule wechseln durfte. Aber nichts hatte etwas genützt. Also ging ich immer noch in diesen Assischuppen. Aber nicht mehr lange. Irgendwann mussten die ja die Schnauze voll von mir haben.
Wenn ich ehrlich bin, ging es mir eigentlich gar nicht mehr um den Schulwechsel. Ich rebellierte und baute Scheiße, weil mir danach war.
Weil ich auf die schiefe Bahn gekommen war.
Meine Rebellion war mein eigenes Mittel, gegen meinen Schmerz anzukämpfen, der seit einem halben Jahr in meiner Brust saß und mich von innen langsam, aber sicher und sehr qualvoll auffraß.
AN: I'm wanting to enter this book in the wattys even though I know it won't happen but... Why not enter it and try? 
Now read the damn chapter
I walked downstairs and looked at dad, he was pacing around the living room in a pair of joggers and a white tee. 
"Um dad?" I asked and he jumped and looked at me. Let me get one thing straight Nile lee, doesn't get scared or startled.
"We need to talk Rachel." I shook my head and we walked into the kitchen. I sat at the table which has been passed in from dads dad, it was starting to show.
"So Rachel, let me start by saying that I love no matter what. That you are strong, also that I'm your father and you have to listen to me." He said and I started to feel panic, dad was talking like he killed someone.
"Ok so this isn't easy to say so I'm going to just say it. Rachel you need to join the Mafia." He blurted and I stared at him wide eyed. 
"I need to join the what now?!" He looked at me and sighed. 
"Listen, I'll explain everything to you later on, but for right now, I just need you to listen to me and to trust me ok?" He asked kneeling in front of me. I looked up at him and shook my head. He hugged me and I hugged him back. 
"I'll let Rico explain everything else to you, the things you need to know." He said addressing my older brother. 
"Wait Rico knows and didn't tell me?" I said quietly. I felt betrayed, Rico always had a close relationship with me, he could tell me anything.
"Yes Babygirl. I kinda threatened him a little bit not to tell you." I stood up and walked into the living room. This was not how I wanted to spend my morning.
If you couldn't tell, I'm Rachel lee, I live  with my dad Nile lee, all of his men, and my older brother Rico lee. 
Rico is six years older than me, dad was busy at a young age. I chuckled at my thought and turned on the tv.
I go to south hill high, and I am seventeen years old. 
The front door opened and Rico walked in. I stood up and waited until he looked at me and stopped In front of me. "Are you ready for this?" I asked coldly and before he could answer his head swung left from my slap.
"I deserve that." He said and I sat down. He sat in front of me. 
"Listen Rachel, your still young, but no one has ever been introduced into the Mafia at this age. It's gonna be hard but you need to listen to us and do it." I shook my head. 
"You were born a secret, only a couple people knew you were born. I changed your name when you were three, from rosa to Rachel." Dad said. "The boss wants his hands on you because of your mother. She did bad things and she's still out here. But your mother, Catherine has a interest in you, so they want to use you to get to her." 
I looked at Rico and dad, Rico wiped my tears away. The thought of my mom makes me sad and angry at the same time.
"But I don't get the Mafia ways." I sniffled and dad sat beside me.
"I got someone that'll train you, he was raised into the Mafia so don't expect him to be gentle, he will do what he's supposed to do and you won't question it." Rico said sternly and I shook my head. 
"Now go on and have a normal day, don't need you to get stressed." Dad said and I stood up, he walked to his jacket and grabbed his wallet, he handed me a credit card and I thanked him skipping upstairs.
I put on white lace shorts, a palm tree half shirt, and my flip flops. I curled my hair and put natural looking makeup on. 
I grabbed my keys and walked downstairs. One of dads men looked at me and bowed his head. I never understood why they did this but then again, dad always wants respect.
I got in my car and blasted music. I pulled into the mall and grabbed my phone. I walked to Starbucks and got a frappe and a cinnamon roll. 
I walked into the salon and set up a appointment for my hair and nails.
I got my nails done, they were really pretty, they were matte black on the bottom and glossy black on the tip. I loved them. I got my hair high and low lighted, then I got more layers in it.
After I was done with my appointment I walked into a bunch of stores and shopped, I tried to buy things that seemed to be Mafia-y or to fit the mafias style. So pretty much a bunch of leather, black, buckles, but me being Rachel lee I couldn't do it and I ended up buying cute but grunge articles of clothing.
I put all of my bags in my trunk and pulled out of the parking garage. I stopped at a McDonald's and ordered my food. 
"Are you Rachel lee?" A voice asked from behind me, I looked at a tall man with a spiked Mohawk and tattoos. 
"Depends who's asking?" He moved in front of me and sat down. 
"Trey lush." He said and he shrugged my shoulders.
"Doesn't ring a bell." I took a bite of my food and stood up. "So if you'll excuse me." I said and walked into the ladies room. I did my business and sat back at my table. The guy was still here, but on his phone.
"Well it should, he's the bosses second in command." I looked at him, ok Rachel this is where three years in theater comes in, play dumb, your not supposed to know about the Mafia. 
"What do you mean boss? My only boss is my dad and well my brother when he wants to be all snappy." I said an took a bite of a French fry. 
"Well just keep a eye out. If you see him you'll want to run." He said and walked away without sparring me a glance. I shook my head and finished my food.
I walked out of the food place and sat in my car. I backed up and then put it in drive, I got on the highway and headed home. 
Before my last turn I began to feel dizzy, like I was falling asleep. I heard a horn and a loud bang, my head hit the window and everything went black.
I opened my eyes to be faced with blue ones. Blue ones that belonged to a stranger.
Should I keep writing? 
If you couldn't tell, Rachel lee got in a car crash Bc she was a dumb ass an left her food with a stranger. 
Tell me if I should write this or not, I need to know before I get to much into it.
Before you read.
plagiarism: the practice of taking someone else's work or ideas and passing them off as one's own.
The Search For Cinderella is based o.ff a published book callled First Date by Krista McGee. That book is one of my favourites of all time and everyone should read it! 
The type of TV show and the game was heavily influenced by the book and how the games played out and the voting etc. Elliot was slightly influenced Hank. But Annie, Rose, Xavier the rest of the charcters are mine. If you've read First Date and have kept reading The Search For Cinderella you will see how I have changed the story line and made it into my own. I was so in love with the book that when it finished I wanted it to keep going so I created my own scenarios in a similar plot line.
First Date and Krista McGee is who inspired this. Im not plagarising as I've clearly said Krista McGee and First Date has been the basis of this story and without that I don't think SFC would have been made. 
Also I haven't read The Selection so I wouldn't know if this is like it or not. But yeah.
I DO NOT TAKE FULL CREDIT
Ok thank you xxx
Hi my name is Hope Dale I'm 18 years old and at this moment I'm a senior at Marlin High school thank goodness I'm almost done!! The name sounds crappy but theres some story about a girl that died on the school ground and her name was Marlin... Creepy right... No idea if it's true
Where do I fit in? Well if there was a group called
 'I don't like anyone but I wanna go school' that would be it cause Nerds irritates me and Jocks gives me a massive headache and lastly the daddy girls are the worse...
We have two daddy girls, Sally and Lisa 
Urghh Sally doesn't talk to me but Lisa  eish that's mission in frikken possible 
I opened my locker getting my books I quickly close my locker as I walk I bump into someone making my books fall across the floor 
The person quickly helps picking it up 
I look directly into is ice blue eyes "Hi" he said I smiled "I am so sorry" he said my eyes widen as I look at him 
Aiden Valentine 
The new bad boy he recently moved to town and oh my gosh he is gorgeous but he's a bad boy meaning he's a player and players yeah no go for me...
"Thanks" I said standing up walking to class 
Like yeah he's hot and stuff but players usually end up with daddy girls that is just how it is and I accept that happily 
No boyfriend no problem hahaha 
Everyone sat down and waited for the teacher, Aiden and his friend came in I immediately look at my book 
He sat his stuff down walking to Lisa 
Wow I think I'm a side kick... 
"Alright calm down" the teacher said I sighed as all the kids sit down 
This is going to be a long ass week 
After the bell rings I escape to the next class "hey wait up" I heard a familiar voice I turner around to see Mia my smile grew "oh my gosh!! Mia! What are you doing here" I asked she chuckled "well I transferred here and it's a good thing you are here this place looks horrible" she said I nod 
Now Mia was my best friend still is..when we lived in London, we had to move but we kept in touch 
"You have no idea how happy I am to see you!" I said she smiles I love her to bits she is my best friend there's nothing that she doesn't know 
Luckily she was in my class as well!! 
I filled her in on all that was going on in this school which was really not a lot 
Aiden walked in with Brian 
"Well who are you?" Brian asked Mia raised her eyebrow "the person who will most probably kill you in your sleep" she said I laughed softly as his face shows pure shock
Yeah she doesn't like bad boys
 "hard to get... I like it" Brian said smiling she rolled her eyes Aiden kept looking at me but when I looked at him he looks away 
-
-
I sat down at the table eating my apple "well well well Hope and new girl" Lisa said smirking I sighed and Mia rolled her eyes "listen Lisa I'm honestly not in the mood for you today" I said I noticed that Aiden was in his corner where all his friends stood 
Lisa smiled "that's why I am here" she said I stood up "I'm going to rip your face off Lisa go to your boy toy and go irritate him" I said she chuckled awkwardly "whatever losers" she said walking to Aiden I sat back down 
"She's lovely" Mia said sarcastically I chuckled "a real crack up" 
After school I walked to the house "how is your mom doing?" she asked I sighed "she's getting better but my dad still can't face her, he feels guilty for not being by his side 24/7 because of his job" I said she sighed "send her my love okay I'll see you tomorrow at school?" she asked I nod hugging her
I walked into the house, my father doesn't live here he's mostly out because of his job. He's a brain surgeon and I absolutely adore his profession I am also thinking on becoming a doctor just not a brain surgeon I'm already applied for Uni just need to finish this year
I walked into the kitchen to find my mom in the kitchen "mom! You should be in bed!" I said she chuckles "hello to you to sweetheart" she said I sighed smiling "hey mom but I'm serious get in a bed now" I said she chuckles "come on I've been in there the whole weekend I'm fine and it's boring in there" she said I laughed she was like me just a thousand times worse
I smiled "just this once" I said she smiled "yeah come you have to watch this movie!" She said I chuckle as she drags me to the living room turning the tv on searching for the movie 
I'm glad my mom's feeling well I can't lose her now...
We ended up watching movies the while night 
--
Drumsticks tapped a light, restless rhythm into the faded brick, but it was hardly loud enough to cover up Dante's groaning as yet another fist was hurled into his gut.
The drummer was a lean boy, all skin and bones and hollowed cheeks. Still, there was a certain  sturdiness about him as he stood there, peering around the corner to check for any stray eyes. His hair was a tousled mess of dirty blonde  — the kind that could appear any color in the right light. His eyes were tired and dropped at the edges. They were any icy blue, contrasted by dark circles underneath.
His name was Solomon, but most people called him Sticks. 
Just a few feet to his right were his two best friends and their latest victim. Ducky held one thick hand against the boy's shoulder, pinning him against the brick, and hailed intermittent blows with the other. His name held a certain whimsical lightheartedness to it, but it was ironically fitting at best.
He was the largest of the group with broad shoulders and the weight to back it up. He had a square face, sunken eyes, and a mess of curly hair. His nose was a little crooked from having broken it one too many times. He had been coming home with bloodied knuckles since he started middle school and continued the trend into his senior year.
He continued his rain of blows into Dante's stomach until he was doubled over and hacking out his coughs. The last boy held up a hand, signalling for Ducky to stop. His cigarette was held between two fingers. He flicked off the ashes before sauntering forward.
His inky hair was tossed up at odd angles from running his hands through it too many times. His coal eyes were even darker. The Rolling Stones tee he wore was loose fitting but with the sleeves torn off and the fabric torn halfway down to his middle, his lean athletic build was evident enough. His mouth tilted to the side in a mocking smile.
Maverick Weir.
He rested his hands just above his knees and bent to Dante's eye level. His own eyes teased the boy behind the strands of his dark hair. 
"You ready to talk yet?" Maverick's voice was low and smooth, almost charming, but with a distinct edge. "One name and all this goes away. Who's been dealing behind my back?"
"I already told you: I don't have a name. I met the guy at some party by the pier. I-"
Maverick gave Ducky a brief nod and another fist landed hard in Dante's gut, knocking the breath right out of him. He slumped, but Ducky had enough strength in one arm to hold him upright.
"Even if I believed you — and I don't — you're going to have to bring something a little more useful to the table," Maverick said before taking a long drag from his cigarette. A stream of white smoke slipped past his lips and into the hot, stale air as he exhaled. 
Dante merely coughed in reply, still trying to grasp onto a breath.
Maverick caught his wrist in a firm grip, holding strong despite Dante's half-hearted attempted to wriggle free. He poised the butt of the cigarette over the inside of his forearm. 
"Last chance."
"You wouldn't believe me even if I told you," Dante said, his head rocking back into the brick. His voice was shallow, but his lack of breath was no longer from his assault, but nerves. He eyed the cigarette with wary eyes.
Maverick narrowed his eyes. "Try me."
Dante wetted his lips, eyes flicking somewhere to the side, as if there was a way out of this mess. He swallowed with a dry throat and the taste of guilt already coating his tongue. His mouth twisted in shame.
"Angelica Moore."
Solomon was the first one to laugh, his drumsticks pausing as the lighthearted sound bubbled through the air. It fell flat after a sharp look from Mav. 
Maverick blew a thick cloud of smoke into the boy's face, sending him into a subdued coughing fit. "I don't appreciate jokers." His voice had lost all of its charm. It was all sharp edges and cold steel.
"It's not a joke."
Maverick exchanged a look with Sticks and Ducky, measuring their thoughts in just once glance. He nodded, but this time it was to himself. 
The cigarette slipped past his fingers and dropped to the cement, still smoking. Maverick ground it out with the underside of his boot, then turned his attention back to Dante who was trying to recede further into the wall.
Maverick sent a sharp right hook and Dante's head snapped back into the wall with a sickening crack. 
"I'm not lying. I swear!" The words spilled out in a rushed slur.
"That one wasn't for you," Maverick said. "It's a message. If I catch anyone else buying from other dealers they're going to get it a lot worse than you and your black eye. I'm the only pusher in this town. Got it?"
Dante nodded dumbly, but his eyes were trailing after the discarded cigarette.
Maverick lightly slapped his cheek with a cupped palm, that mocking smile tugging its way back onto his lips. His eyes were severe and dangerous. "Good." He jerked his head to the side. "Now get out of here."
Dante fell out of Ducky's grip and scrambled off.
"You really think Angelica is the new pusher?" Solomon asked. His voice was doubtful, and for good reason. Angelica's reputation didn't got much farther than her being a grade-A nerd.
"I don't know. But I hope for Dante's sake that he's being honest," Maverick replied. His voice had lost its edge and only held curiosity now. He ran a single hand through his hair and let is rest around his neck in a loose grip. 
If this was the truth, things around Dayton High were about to get a lot more interesting.

+ + + + +
Thank you for checking out my new story! I'm really looking to improve my writing so constructive criticism is appreciated (I have thick skin so you can be brutally honest). If you enjoyed this chapter, please hit that vote button, and if you have a moment to spare I'd love to know what you thought in the comments below!
[Teaser trailer at the top]

"Ivy, get up sweetie, your going to be late for school," Barbara said as she opened my curtains. "Morning Barbs," I said as I got up a headed to the bathroom. I turned the water on and brushed my teeth while waiting for the shower to heat up. I showered for about 35 minutes.
I stepped out the shower and headed to my room. It was now 7:15 and school started at 8:30. I know your probably wondering why I'm up so early. Simply because I take forever and a day to get dress. I mean I wasn't Miss Poison Ivy for nothing.
With that tittle comes major responsibilities. I lotioned my body and slipped on my purple dress and black boots and grabbed a sweater. Today I present my Sophmore Class President speech and we are required to dress business causal. After finishing my make up, I grabbed my purse, poster boards, flyers and laptop and headed downstairs.
Mmmmhh, the smell of sausage, girts, eggs and waffles hit my nose. I walked to the kitchen and sat on the counter as I watched Barbara finish cooking. If you wondering who Barbs is, she's my maid. Barbs and I have been together since birth. 
She literally held my mothers hand in the hospital. Of course my dad was somewhere on business and my mom died during child birth. Naturally Barbz, assumed my mother figure position while dad supported us financially and physically when he could. My dad had a practice up in New York that requires his physical presence a lot but oh will.
"So, you ready for the big presidential race," barbz asked. I smiled at her confidentially and replied, "Uhhh Yeah", in a duh tone. I was confident that I was guaranteed that position. I was running against some no name nerd and an over-glorified jock. 
Everyone knew to vote for me. The other two were just running to make it seem as if the school didn't show favouritism. I finished my breakfast, kissed Barbz goodbye and headed out the door.
I hopped into my all white 2016 rolls royce phantom drophead coupe and headed to school. 20 minutes later I was parking in my reserved spot. Lily, Kacy, Katie, and Blake as usual were waiting by the bottom of the stairs for me. I handed Katie or as I called her my book holder my stuff. "Lily my trunk, Now" she hurried to the trunk and grabbed my posters and flyers. Kacy held a mirror up so I could check my make up. 
As usual I looked flawless and as if I needed reminding Blake spoke, "you look amazing Ivy and you'll definitely be taking the class prez role today." I smiled at her and replied, "No shit, tell me something I don't know." I walked off with the four behind me. 
Yes, I said behind me the rules were simple. 1. We were not equal, I was better and always will be.2. You walk behind me not beside me, BEHIND ME3. ONLY speak when spoken to, unless your praising me and in that case you can speak freelyAnd lastly, if you fail to follow my rules your out, end of discussion.
As we entered the halls all eyes were on us, will on me. I walked to my locker and stood there as Katie struggled to put my combination in. Yes, I could have held my books since she also had to carry her books plus mines, but Katie was the newbie and it was quite amusing watching her struggle. 
She finally opened my locker and exchanged my books for English class. Still struggling with the books, we all headed to class.---------------------------------------------------------
A/NSo what do you guys think of Ivy? Total bitch right. Hahaha maybe not, but you will have to keep reading to find out
COPYRIGHT STATEMENT:
Right on Track...© 2014.
By mikaelanay.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher. 
PLEASE DO NOT COPY IT.
**********
Hey guys I know I've got four other stories that I still have to write but this amazing idea popped in my head and I couldn't hold myself back from sharing it with you guys. I hope you'll like and vote for it.
Coming soon!! 
Thanks guys :)))))
Hello everyone. My name is Denise. This book is getting a whole shit load of likes and views so I felt like it was time for me to start putting up this copyright stuff. Mostly, because my father said that if I didn't, I would have to take this story off of Wattpad. I don't want that. 
So please, please do NOT STEAL MY IDEAS or MY PLOTLINE. If you do
All rights are mine so if I find you copying my book, you will have my rage and you shall rue the day.
Anywho, thanks again to everyone who is reading my book. I'm really loving the support that I have been getting. Also thank you @Aphrodite270 for working so hard and creating my cover :D. 
                                                                    EXTENDED SUMMARY 
A great long weeks on the run isn't exactly the kind of cup of tea Abigail Robinson was hoping for in her first few weeks in college. But after meeting a mysterious ticking time bomb one night her life took a turn. Now on the run, Abby's life is in the hands of a man she barely knows. The further they run, the more secrets and dangerously intense it gets. Everyone has to live at some point, or so Abby discovers, life is worth fighting for. 
-Nisey8888
                     
                    Eden Amir Black             Eden: Delight. Garden of Eden            Amir: To give orders. Prince ----------------------------------------------------
         The deep bass vibrated deep in the pit of my stomach due to the music that bounced off the walls. The sounds and lyrics of 21 Savage played loudly through each large black speaker.
         "I'ma cut your fingers off if you shout. Pop a perc, hit the cup, nigga pause. Hundred round drum, round of applause". 
          I smirked at Katana nodding her head up and down along to the violent song. She kicked her feet back and forth as she continued giving herself another tattoo on her arm.
          "You ready for this bruh?" She inquired, her smile wide, her happiness extremely obvious. 
          Slapping up with her, I grabbed the large pair of silver scissors and joined her and my other employees outside. My smile only grew wider once I noticed all of the people crowded outside. 
      Handing her my business card after collecting her payment, she hugged me once again before making an exit. 
       "I feel so beautiful now, thank you" she admired, tossing me an extra twenty dollars. 
       Shaking her hand gently, I nodded my head before speaking. 
      "That's my mission". 
       Katana skipped over to me and screamed loudly, gathering a few looks from the other workers. 
      "You just finished with your first customer nigga" she cheered, "We on the path to success". 
      I smirked, "And it's only the beginning".
This is a work of fiction. All incidents and dialogue are products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is completely coincidental.
Copyright © 2016 Kirby Danielle Burt. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced in any form or by any means, including electronic, scanning, photocopying, recording or otherwise without prior written permission of the copyright holder. This book is licensed for your enjoyment only. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
《Tu le das locura a mi vida y yo le doy calma a la tuya》




++++++++++++++++++
Aquí vamos con una nueva historia,para quienes no lo sepan se trata sobre el hijo mayor de Lavina y Jesse💕
Espero que les guste al igual de mi otras historias!
Pd: No se cuando subiré el primer capitulo pero estén pendientes y guárdenla en sus bibliotecas
Gracias por todo el apoyo que me dan❤
Los quiero.
Nos vemos pronto.
Besos
MAC
"Luke I will make Melody mine, remember the good girl always fall's for the bad boy" said Blake.
The bad boy named Blake has his eyes on a spacific person named Melody. He has the same classes as her. He bothers Melody just because she is considered "the good girl". What happens when the bad boy starts to watch Melody's every move and wants Melody for himself? What happens when she has to live with the bad boy? Keep reading to find out.
 ❝Sometimes to reach heaven you have to walk through hell itself.❞
____________________________
When Skyler rings the fire alarm on a mindless dare she didn't expect to get caught. She also didn't expect her sadistic Principal to give her a punishment worse then early morning detention. She has to fill in as an assistant advisor for the baseball team. Which wouldn't be bad if it weren't for the simple facts that:
a) She had no clue about the inner workings of baseball.
b) The team majorly sucked, as in they never won a game in nearly two decades.
c) Tyler Owens happened to be the Captain.
d) Which was probably the reason the team sucked.
e) Coach Donovan could also be blamed for the team's suck factor.
Skyler could think of other ways to spend her days after school. But the more time she spends with the team the more she starts to hold the band of idiotic boys close to her heart, and the obnoxious and flirtatious Captain just a little closer then most, but when Tyler also happens to be her brother's best friend getting to first base will be a lot harder then just a simple swing.
A/N
So I'm pretty excited for this and this will start after Heartbreaker. I grew a soft spot for Ty and Sky in Heartbreaker and was itching to explore their story. This story will start in the summer, or whenever the hell Heartbreaker is finished since there is no more then ten chapters left.
So first of all to anyone new reading this it is the third book in the Troublemaker series it can work as a stand alone, but I would recommend reading book 1 "Troublemaker" and book 2 "Heartbreaker" only so you can get a feel of the previous characters and get their back story, if not you can go just go right ahead and start this :) Vote and comment :)
I am officially participating in Wattpad Futures, a new program that helps writers make money through in-story ads. So, if you start seeing ads in between the chapters of my stories, know that the majority of the revenue they generate allows me to continue doing what I love — write stories to inspire and entertain the Wattpad community.
If you want to learn more about the Wattpad Futures program, you can check out the blog post here: https://blog.wattpad.com/2016/08/17/writers-can-earn-cash-with-in-story-ads-on-wattpad/
Thank you for supporting me!

Note: Do keep in mind that this story is unedited, and the current form is a very ROUGH DRAFT. This means that some scenes have not been revised or removed on Wattpad. 
Dedication: "To my siblings. I blame you for being a distraction when I need to write."
Introduction
What was wrong with me?
That was the one question that kept swirling around in my head as I tried to come up with a good excuse as to why I was caught asleep in the Sex God, Jace Collins' backseat. I mean, which sane teenager would do that? Not me, or so I would have said a few hours earlier today. And here I am, sitting upright in the backseat of Jace Collins' car as he swore profusely because I had screamed out to stop while he was driving home.
And yes ladies and gentlemen, this is how my life begins.
"WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!?" Jace yelled.
I cringed slightly then attempted to wipe off the drool that had formed at the corner of my mouth. I suppose the drool really formed because of the hotness that was Jace Collins but to be honest, I was one of those few loser girls that still drooled slightly when she slept. And no I'm not trying to stalk Jace because of his hotness. I had better things to do, like trying to convince my wannabe rocker of a father that at forty-nine, he really needed to give up on the idea of forming a band.
"I uhm..." I trailed off before pointing to my head, "sleepwalking...uh...boo?"
Jace narrowed his eyes at me from the front seat before snapping, "Who the hell are you anyway?"
And here's the other thing you should know about me. I'm not that popular. Heck, I could pass for one of those low-radar sorts of girl, the kind that just moved through high school as a ghost. So of course the resident bad boy Jace Collins would not ever in his mind ever recall that we've shared all but one class together since freshmen. But I wouldn't hold him down to it. After all, it was Jace Collins. The womanizing, bike riding bad boy who I must admit wasn't exactly the type of guy I'd go out with.
"I'm...uh...Marilyn Jenson," I mumbled.
Jace scowled before snorting, "Did you get lost on your way to kindergarten or something?"
Did I forget to mention the fact that I was tiny beyond life?
"No!" I retorted, "We go to the same school dummy."
"What did you call me," Jace asked; his eyes back on me like knives.
I giggled nervously, the kind you heard someone about to lose all form of sanity make. Although, sneaking into Jace's car before home room did make me question my sanity. Here I was, hoping that I'd convince Jace to do me the hugest favour of my entire life and instead I fall asleep in his backseat. But in my defence, the guy really shouldn't leave his back window open. Anyone could break into his car. I mean, look at me! And it is clumsy me...
"I called you...uh...mummy?" I rambled dumbly.
A smirk took hold of Jace's lips before he replied, "Mummy? I get it! You're one of those girls into role play-"
"What," I spluttered, "God no!"
That was it. My cheeks were on fire and I could feel my throat closing up. Why the heck would Jace think I was one of those...girls? I shuddered and nervously glanced around the roads which in my opinion could for all I cared be called empty. The only people who lingered about of course were the horrid jocks and no surprise, the dreadful hags also known to us simpletons as cheerleaders.
"Then why are you in my car," he asked, sneering slightly as he added, "Marilyn?"
Quickly I looked around and spotted a tire wrench lying at the base of my feet. I grabbed it and waved it in front of my face like some has-been Harry Potter and answered in a salesperson voice, "I'm here to change your tires for free!"
"Fine," Jace replied with a grin, "you change my tires for free then."
My eyes widened and my jaw dropped. My mouth was opened so wide that you could label it a vortex and put a sign around my neck and offer free Vortex rides. Not that I would ever do that because we all know that most of these testosterone filled guys at school would just see it as free blowjobs and that is something that I simply would never do even if my life was in danger.
"You mean now?" I gasped in horror.
"Yeah now Marilyn," he drawled out like I was an idiot before sliding out of his seat, "Come on change my tires."
Yeah go change his tires Lynn. It will be simple! Why did you have to go and open your big mouth? You could have just told him the real reason you were waiting for him in his car like a deranged, mental escapee who thought she was an assassin targeting a target. God Lynn, you're an idiot. And how the heck do you even change a tire? What are you going to do now? Just wave the wrench in front of the tire and expect Harry Potter to pitch up with a manual?
"Do you think...uh...that...?" I stuttered, "That...uh...this is...like a good...idea?"
Jace crossed his arms and stared at me with indifference before retorting, "You offered a free tire change."
I laughed nervously as I fiddled with the wrench then glanced at the tire. Seriously, what was I supposed to do with this? And isn't there supposed to be that thing under the car that makes it go up? Looking back at Jace, I realised that he had a faint smirk against his lips and I mentally slapped myself. He was totally messing with me! I gritted my teeth and pointed the wrench at him.
"This isn't funny," I enunciated each word.
"Look Marilyn," Jace cut me off, "I really don't have time for your desperate hormones," he ignored my protest, "frankly, you don't look old enough to even be thinking about anything remotely sexual, so whatever you want; you're not going to get it."
My grip tightened on the wrench as I watched Jace slide back into the car and start the engine. Eyes widening, I suddenly flung opened the passenger door. Jace threw me an irritated look as he watched me stand there with the wrench in one hand while the other hand held firmly onto the opened door.
"I...need you to be...my date for the...Valentine's Ball..." I stumbled.
"And why in hell's name would I do that," Jace snorted.
I let go of the door and nervously fidgeted with the wrench as I mumbled, "To help me win a bet?"
"I really don't care," Jace muttered, "so from my side, you can keep the wrench."
I then did the dignified thing and walked away. Okay, so I didn't.
"Please!" I begged, "You have to help me or else I'll die a life of humiliation and give Beth all the more reason to gloat!"
Jace suddenly looked alert as he asked me, "Beth as in Bethany Willows?"
I nodded. Jace looked thoughtful while a flash of anger passed through his eyes. After eyeing the wrench in my hands then glancing back up at me, he relented.
"Fine I'll be your 'date' for the Valentine's Ball," Jace answered.
**A/N**
Be honest and tell me what did you think about it? This is just the introduction to what's to come :) Remember to vote, comment and spread the word if you liked it!
PS: Do you like the cover? I know I do...
xoxo
Mona-Mae
I had this story idea that popped into my head while I was daydreaming in English class a couple of months ago!! My teacher is kind of hot so he inspired me HA.
2014 - Note: please construct something other than twilight comments, or they'll just be deleted. I'm aware there are moments where twilight could be compared to it, and I've reworked many chapters to not resemble anything to do with Stephanie Meyer. But please dear god. No more, 'Twilight.' Or 'omg twilight.' Rant over.
____________________________
"Welcome to Simon Fraser University!! 
Where your dreams...
become your worst nightmare." - Anonymous. Female - 18 years old.
It's not everyday when your well paid father walks into your bedroom with your well paid doctor of a mother to tell you you're moving to Vancouver because of the expense here.
At first, I admit, I was fairly shocked. I didn't complain. I mean, when did I ever complain?
Being legally an adult at 18, I could refuse and stay here to attend Columbia... But every time I even thought to consider it, I thought about the distance between Vancouver and New York.
I adored my parents too much to be too far away from them.
"Evangeline?"
I slowly opened my eyes to the sound of my name and turned toward my mother, Marie. She pushed a strand of her light brown hair away from her face and turned to look out the plane window.
"We're landing." She sighed.
My father, Arthur, was sat on the other side of me leaving me in the middle. I tilted my head toward him and watched his familiar smile light up his face. His light blue eyes lit up with glee as the plane touched ground. Our family was known for our pale blue eyes. Although brown is the recessive - of which my mother owned - neither me nor my brother Aaron possessed them.
As the plane finished taxiing into its space, my 16 year old brother popped up from his seat beside us and rolled his eyes. "This is going to blow so hard."
I smiled and moved from my space. "Don't be a pessimist."
"I'm not. And anyway, you should be more so than me; you had your whole life planned on attending Columbia." He flicked his reddish brown hair out of his eyes before he reached the overhead compartment for his bag.
My teeth sunk into my bottom lip. "Yes, I know. But things unfortunately change, Aaron." I mumbled.
He scoffed. "You can say that again."
He received a playful smack around the head from my father as we walked through the aisles. Aaron rubbed the back of his head and walked on.
Vancouver, Canada.
It was oddly warm as we exited the airport with our luggage. It was September; the beginning of the new semester. My parents rented me a room on campus in one of the townhouses. I got my own room which was okay. But I still had to share a floor and bathroom with someone. I didn't mind though.
It was an hour journey to the campus. My parents decided to move me into my house before they all moved in. Of course, I told them not to be stupid and let them move in first but they said it'd be quicker. The moving vans didn't get to their house until mid-day anyway.
As the two temporarily rented cars pulled in, and my brother and I piled into the second one, I couldn't help but think about my friends back in New York. Chelsea said she'd try and visit soon and that she'll keep in contact and Amy said the same.
SEQUEL TO THE STORY "MUST DATE THE PLAYBOY"
I hate him, so damn much! I hate him for leaving me alone in Mexico. I hate him for keeping me hanging and for writing that stupid letter.
He didn’t even bother to ask me what the hell I wanted! He just concluded things so easily.
He simply gave up, lets go and left me with some other guy!
And now that I’m starting to accept the fact that he will never come back to me and to go on with my life without him, that’s the time he decided to show up!
That stupid, idiot, arrogant, good for nothing playboy came back! 
Worst part was, the feelings I suppressed were starting to resurface again.
This can’t be happening. Is this some kind of a sick joke?
It can’t be! I have to convince myself that that Playboy is nothing but trouble. He will just hurt me and leave me again.
For that I…
MUST HATE THE PLAYBOY!
Chapter 1- Losing self control.
I laid on the sofa staring into space. This house didn't feel like home now my father wasn't in it. 
I missed him more than ever especially after the funeral. The funeral was hard, extremely hard, but somehow I survived it. I had no one else to thank but Kyle. 
Currently, I had spent the last week and a half moping about, not sure really what to do. Feeling sorry for myself was an understatement. 
Kyle spent the last week and a half trying to cheer me up, and I could feel it almost getting better, but for some reason I missed my father that much I just didn't have the strength to cheer myself up. 
I felt useless just sitting here and thinking about the negatives, but Kyle didn't love me any less and that comforted me more than anything. I had to make it up to him one day. 
Kyle had gone out to the shops and I found myself alone here. I didn't like it, and Kyle didn't want to leave me alone in the house I didn't want to be in anymore, but he had to get things and I refused to go. 
I breathed a sigh of relief when I heard the door open. 
"Honey, I'm home!" I heard his voice flood from the opening of the door. My lips twitched at his greeting. "Hey, baby, I got you some chocolate," he waved a large bar of chocolate around as he walked into the room. Oh, I loved chocolate. 
"You didn't have to," I looked to him but smiled slightly. He brushed it off. 
"Of course I did, comforting food isn't it," he stated. He took off his coat and his shoes. "Do you want a cup of coffee?" He asked. 
"I'll make it, you sit down and I'll make one for you," I suggested. Kyle shook his head and walked to the kitchen. 
"I'll do it, I'm making myself useful," 
"I just feel useless though," his head popped around from the door as his eyebrows furrowed. 
"Don't say that, you're not useless you're just grieving. I understand that, Cali, just ride it out in the only way you can, naturally you'll begin to feel a lot happier, it just takes time and a little cheering up from your wonderful husband," his face contorted into a cheeky smile and I smiled back. 
"I can feel it working already, I think," I didn't know for sure. 
"Then it's working, don't worry about it, you know I won't think any less of you if you just sit there forever and become a big fat couch potato," 
"Oh gee, thanks," his eyes twinkled and he chuckled as he went back into the kitchen. 
After two minutes he brought two cups into the living room and sat down beside me. With his free arm he wrapped it around my waist and snuggled me in closer to his body. 
Chapter One - The Banana Peel
With my books cradled in my left arm, I headed towards the opposite side of the school for chemistry class. The schoolyard was flooded with students switching classrooms – the students that were actually here to study that was. Behind the wall of the science block – an area I had to pass to get to my chemistry class – were the punks of the school.
Rumours spoke of an infamous bunch of boys who skipped out of classes on a regular basis, smoked, did drugs and alcohol, but, were also the charmers who lured innocent girls to their lair.
I avoided eye contact, looking at my books, the sky or the path while I walked past them. If you looked at them, they wouldn't leave you al - . My leg slid forward and I nearly toppled over, but managed to clutch my books, bend my knees and shift my weight backwards.
I had successfully remained standing and now looked like a knock kneed grandma with an awfully hunched back in the middle of the path. I glanced back to see what the hell I had stepped on. It was a bloody banana peel.
"Ah crap," I scowled, screwing up my face in annoyance. Incidentally, I had also accidentally briefly met eyes with and glared at one of the punks as I glanced back at the banana peel. I quickly turned away and rushed towards my chemistry class. 
"Sorry I'm late," I apologised as I turned up about half a minute after the bell rang.
"It's alright. Now take a seat," Mrs Smith smiled, gesturing towards the empty benches at the very front. I awkwardly bee-lined for a seat on the very left of the front bench and sat down. Mrs Smith began teaching and I opened up my book and pulled out the necessary writing materials, prepared to take down notes like a hurricane, or tornado, or whatever.
The class was dead silent as per usual. Most of those who were there were dead serious about studying; majority took a few electives instead and others wagged.
There was a knock at the door and all heads turned – including the teacher's.
She headed to the door and pulled it open, the shock evident on her face. Four guys with shirts perfectly tucked in, top buttons done up and ties pulled up to the top stood in a row in front of the door.
"Sorry we're late," they apologised before turning to half-grin as they saw the class.
"Alright, take a seat in the front bench. You've been absent for thirty percent of the classes, so please find someone to copy their notes." Mrs Smith walked back to her desk. 
My eyes were deceiving me, playing tricks for sure. My mother and father had been right; computers, laptops, phones, technology, all of it really messed with your mind. I continued staring and after a few minutes of self-conflict, I gave up denying it. The punks were in my class. 
Author's Note:
The story does start off rather cliche, but I can promise that it isn't that way for the whole thing. Please give the story a chance and read onto the next chapter. Feel free to leave a comment with your opinion, and if you like the story, please do vote for it! (:
Also, I have become a part of the Wattpad Futures program, which means that there will be ads every now and then. Please watch the ads to support me; I am a poor writer and university student :'D

KAT MASTERSON- May 30 2015: 8pm
"Kat! Would ya slow down!?" my best friend for 3 years calls after me while running and bumping into several people before finally catching up to me when I was done my last class of the day.
I go to a high class, rich, and totally hoity-toity university boarding school called Skylar Grey University, SGU for short. I made it here on scholarship, of course. SGU is a huge, stony, medieval-looking, very beautiful university. It has several compounds. I have been going to SGU for about 3 years now, but there's no way I would know all of the students that go here.
"Yeah," I turn around to see my incredibly skinny best friend, Skye- no relation to the school- standing (a little breathless) behind me. She's a model. No, really. Well, not a full time model because she has to finish SGU first. She's also here on scholarship. Skye has long, beautiful brown hair and brown eyes. Although she is very tall, I am taller than her. She's about 5'9 and I'm 5'11. We are both 21 years old.
"Geez, why do you take such long frikken beastly strides?" She comes up to me and starts walking along beside me, "Anyway, there's this cool club, Karma opening up tonight. Wanna go?" she asks.
"Nah, I've still gotta catch up on my work and stuff." I reply.
"Come ooon... I know you were like, the only girl in all your classes to get a perfect 4.0 GPA; you're on the frikken principal's honor roll and there are about 30 000 students that go to this school. Would it kill you to just let go for one night?" she grabbed my arm, her brown eyes wide.
"I dunno..." I say, hesitant.
"Summer break's here in 2 weeks. School's pretty much over anyway." She tries convincing me.
"Fine..." I sigh, defeated, "When?"
"It's around 10 pm."
"What am I supposed to wear?" I ask her.
"Something hot," she growls.
^ ^ ^
"See? This is fun!" Skye yells over the loud thumping bass of the music while a guy was grinding against her.
"Fun for you! This place is full of sweaty douchebags!" I yelled back. The grind-guy grunts. Yeah, I'm talking about you.
"They all think you're hot! Appreciate it."
I admit, Karma is a cool place. It has a Jacuzzi out at the back, a bar and a pool table. It's actually a secret bar location on campus. I watch as Skye makes out with the grind-guy, her face turning red, yellow, purple, and then blue from the bright flashing lights. The guy whispers something into Skye's ear. She gasps and squeals.
"Be back in 10 minutes." She says to me, and then dances into one of the rooms with him.
Now I'm alone. Juuust Great.
"Hey, tight ass. Want me to make your night a little more interesting?" A guy whispers in my ear, his breath full of alcohol. His hand is on my butt.
I turn around slowly and pluck his hand off my butt.
"Thanks, but I actually prefer men." I scoff.
"Cute. But seriously, I know how to please a woman." The guy replies, giving me a drunk, cocky grin and ogling me up and down.
"Really? You do?" I ask sarcastically.
"Hm mm" He grunts proudly.
"Then please do leave me alone." I say.
"Is there a problem here?" I hear a familiar raspy voice say behind me.
I turn around and see the vibrant red-haired Chloe, my best friend for 6 years. We have planned to go to the same college since we were both 14 years old. It's sometimes a little awkward when Chloe and Skye are together because, well, Chloe kinda hates Skye. Well, they've gotten better with each other. Well they have to, we all live together.
QUEEN'S PROFILE
(Cheerleader)Name: Kathryn Chandria Manuel BernardoAge: 20yrs oldBirthday: March 26 1996Description: Pinay beauty, sporty, rich kid and leader of Famous group the Queen's of Tiara University
(Fashionista)Name: Elizabeth Hope SoberanoAge: 18yrs oldBirthday: January 4 1998Description: Proffesional model for 3yrs, classy, kikay,rich kid and member of the Famous group  the Queen's of tiara university
(Honor Student)Name: Nadine Alexis Paguia LustreAge: 22 years oldBirthday: Oct 31 1993Description: Simple and book lover Valedictorian since elementary and Highschool, class officer and member of the Famous group the Queen's of tiara university
Day Valentine 
"I'm so ready for school to be over," I sign to my nigga Amir. 
"My nigga, duh," he laughs. 
He holds the door to my first class for me. I see a man sitting where Mrs. Fawn usually sits. 
Damn, I was looking forward to seeing her. She's a blessing. She stay feeding me. I don't do shit and she still gives me a C cause she knew my momma. 
I tap Amir. He looks at me. 
"The fuck?" 
"I don't know," he whispers. 
I look down at the desks. 
I start going off and moving my hands really fast. 
"What the hell is this, bruh. I'm not about to change my seat for anybody. I've been in this fucking seat for the past two years."
I'm not stupid or nothing, but some of the same teachers teach different subjects. 
"Where is Mrs. Fawn?" I keep signing. 
Amar grabs my hands. 
"I can't fucking understand you," he laughs. 
I rolls my eyes and pull out my phone. 
"I'm Finna call Mrs. Fawn's ass," I sign. 
"Put your phone away," a deep voice rumbles. 
I turn around slowly and let my eyes connect with his. I look back at Amir. 
"Tell that nigga, I'll kill his ass. I know this man is new if he hasn't gotten the jist on shit around here yet," I sign. 
"Chill," Amir laughs and slaps my back. 
He looks at the man and back at me. I glance at him and he's looking at us. 
Ole looking ass nigga. 
I look at Amir. 
"Chill out, just give it a chance bruh, be cool," he signs. 
He never does unless we need to keep something between us.  
Hey readers!! This will be my first book I've written, sorry if there are any errors, still a beginner here, so please don't hate! :)) also, everything there's a new character I'll try to tell you ahead of time! okay, so I just hope everyone enjoys reading this book as much as Ill enjoy writing it! Thank you for taking your time to read this! Xoxo 
Btw my social medias are all up there!!
"Be your own kind of Cinderella " ............
Let's make a check list of my life. 
»Evil Stepmother? Check, but make that super evil. »Satanic step sisters? Check, but make that one (who is equivalent to two)» Oblivious Dad? Double check. 
The only thing left is my Prince Charming. So where is he?
Probably shipped to North Pole by my very own Step-mother. 
So, welcome to my life- a fairy tale gone wrong. ******
Meet Skylar Penelope Carter, a seventeen-year old who lives a disguised life, all thanks to her step-mother and step-sister. 
Being forced to mask almost everything about her, from her hair to her body, she has to survive her school by being mocked. 
She didn't choose this life. Who would? No one wants to live a life with an evil witch of a step mother tailing your every move and a satanic step sister wanting every possible chance to bring you down. 
So, what happens when she gets a chance to break free a little during her summer?
The Annual Summer Ball, where every seventeen-year old can get a chance to find her prince may prove to be a chance for Skylar to live a life where she can break away and find her prince. 
But it isn't that easy when you live among vicious sharks who just wait for the opportunity to attack. 
They say that every Cinderella has her Midnight. 
So will Skylar have hers? Or will the evil step mother and sister steal it away too?
Read to find out :)
(IMPORTANT: This is NOT a re-telling of Cinderella. It is a pure work of TEEN FICTION AND HUMOUR.)
§§§§§§§§§§§§§§§§§§§§
DONOT COPY MY WORK OR ELSE I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN, CHOP YOU INTO PIECES AND FEED IT TO MY PET CROCODILE!!(Or you still get an option of getting squeezed by my hippopotamus)Yeah I'm generous like that. &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
Hey Guys. I just had this story in my head and it wasn't letting me concentrate at all, so I just had to write it down. 
This is my last update until my exams. I hope you liked it. Do vote and comment. 
Started: 25/05/15
So, until next time <3
Bye lovely people.
Tattooed LoveChapter 1There were very few moments in my life when I could definitely say that I had hit rock bottom. Right now in this moment, I could definitely say I had hit rock bottom. I was stoned, drunk and high on emotion gripping a half drank beer; sitting in a gutter outside some pub. I had no one to call and no one would be wondering where I was. So there was nothing stopping me from throwing back the remaining alcohol in the bottle. I suppose that is the benefit of hitting rock bottom, you can't fall any lower. I was wiping my lips when someone tapped on my shoulder. "Leave me alone." I grunted. It was at this point I just didn't care anymore. I didn't care about the looks I was getting; or that I was interrupting the flow of the taxi rank. "This goes against my better judgment but you look like a rape case about to happen. So do you want a lift?" It was his husky voice that had my head turning around, to look up at him. Tall, dark, handsome and screaming dangerous; yet he looked familiar."Do I know you?" I frowned at him, as he lowered to his knees in front of me."The names Jackson," He spoke slowly and when he seemed to realise that I hadn't made a connection he added "We go to the same high school."I nodded my head but still couldn't make a connection; hell at this point of the night I was lucky to be recalling my name, which was......"Amber, you right?" Jackson placed a hand on my shoulder and my eyes snapped back open, stopping me from slipping into unconsciousness."Yeah I'm fine, just had a few too many." I took the hand he was offering down to me, as he now was standing to his full height. I stumbled up on my bare feet; I had managed to lose my heels at some point tonight. "Thanks." I smiled. Even with a drunken mist covering my vision I could still see that Jackson was deadly good looking. "Do you want me to take you home?" He spoke slowly to me again, as if I wouldn't be able to understand him otherwise. "Nope." I waved my hand dismissing the idea. "I'm fine and I will have you know I'm not as drunk as it might seem." "Really?" He titled his head to the side. By the expression on his face, he didn't believe me "Because the smell of you makes me think you drank the bar dry." My expression dried as I heard him judge me. "I had a bad day." I snapped. He didn't know. He couldn't understand. I pressured a finger into his chest. "Don't judge me handsome." "Handsome?" He chuckled at that. "Didn't know you were capable of compliments Amber." I suppose he had a point but it wasn't a point I was going to confirm. "Go away, John." "It's Jackson.""Then go away Jackson." I corrected with a dry smile. "You have a bad attitude." "And you're not the first person to point that out." He was far from it; people seem to make it their personal mission to remind me of my bad attitude; though it wasn't my fault the world sucked. My attitude was simply a side effect caused by this miserable thing called life. I waved down a taxi and Jackson's hand wrapped around my wrist stopping me from walking towards it. "I'll take you home." His tone was soft, gentle and perhaps a tint of care lingered through it. "Why?" "Don't trust me?" "I don't trust anyone." "Wise thing to do." He tilted his head to the side, looking down at me. "I'm not going to hurt you Amber and if I did I'm sure you can handle me." "You seem to know more about me then I do you." "That's because I'm not self-absorbed." I took a step back towards him, staring up into those dark eyes of his. "No one ever got hurt being self-absorbed." "Whatever you say Miss Shields." He knew my name and my last name, where did he say he knew me again? Oh right school or hell on earth as I like to call it. "Fine then handsome you can take me home." "I got a question first." His eyes flickered to my lip. "Should I be hunting the man that gave you the cut lip or should I be asking how the other chick looked?" My lips curved up into a smile and I honestly couldn't remember when the last time I smiled was. "I always think no question is a good question." I watched something flash across his face before he gave a quick nod of the head and I knew that was the end of the subject. I would never tell a soul that Blake had done this to me. He would be regretting just as I was longing to forget it. Our fights were always bad but this one took the award for the worse. "Come on then, I'm parked around the back." I followed him and walked towards the darkly lit car park, warnings flashed through my mind. I should be terrified. I should be running in the other direction but instead I kept following him. "So, where to?" He asked, opening the car door for me. I couldn't go home. I couldn't risk seeing my dad. I had no other choice, I had to go back to Blake and I just prayed that Blake had cooled off by the time I got there. So I riddled off the address to Jackson and I still couldn't be sure if I was making the first mistake of my night or the second: the first being getting in the car with him to begin with. ~I stumbled out of the car and to be honest I thought I had done it gracefully, but as I wiped the dirt from my month after face planting on my second step, I began to doubt my 'graceful' exit. "You right?" Jackson dropped beside me, placing an arm around my waist and bringing me back to my feet. "Two left feet." I muttered not meeting his eye. I hoped right then, that I would never see this stranger again. "You live here?" Jackson looked over the house, that we, well he was helping me walk towards. "Yep." No I didn't. I just crashed here with my somewhat boyfriend. The front of the house was scattered with cars, motorbikes and motors. It looked like a crash yard, but it was that look that kept everyone away which is what helped the 'family' keep their lives separate from prying eyes. We reached the porch and I grabbed the door knob. Letting go of Jackson I leant all my weight against the door. "Thanks for bringing me home." I looked at him, for the first time since I embarrassed myself. "You sure you're safe here?" He eyed the property again before looking back at me; with a torn expression in his eyes. "You know if you need somewhere to crash for the night and I can put up the cash for a hotel or something." For the second time tonight he caused me to smile. "What did I ever do to you, to make you treat me with such kindness?" I wanted to know. While I may not know him, he knew me and I wasn't a nice person. So if he knew the real me why was he bothering? He exhaled slowly and then with a masked expression he met my eye "You're the kind of woman that needs a man that can protect her from herself and clearly you haven't got one yet so I'm just giving a helping hand." "You don't seem the kind to be big on community service." He certainly didn't look like one either. The tattoos and that 'pissed off' expression would scare any sane person away. My sanity was still in question, so no wonder I hadn't slammed the door in his face yet."Maybe I'm a sucker for a good looking woman." The corner of his lips twitched up. "You know Amber, you're bearable drunk." I chuckled and pushed his shoulder playfully "You know Jackson, maybe you do know me." For a spilt moment we shared a smile, an amused chuckle and then silence fell between us and it wasn't an awkward silence. It was the type of silence that usually had me stepping into a man's arms, it was sexual tension and fucked if I knew how it came to existence. "Night Amber." Jackson took a step back, his eyes darting up and down once more before he turned his back and began to walk down the porch steps. "Oi Jackson?" He looked over his shoulder, back at me. "Yeah?" "On Monday if I don't remember this, and I'm bitch, I'm sorry." I inhaled sharply and exhaled quickly "You seem like a nice guy, perhaps you should try and befriend me when I actually have a chance of remembering you." He smirked, nodded his head and walked away. I wouldn't remember it but that was the first time Jackson Johnston saved me from myself and that was the night our love was born. ~High school. It was the dwelling of the stupid, the fake and the occasional friend. It wasn't like I didn't like school; it was school that didn't like me. Locking my car I slowly began to make my way towards the hell on earth. Once again I was starting a Monday with a headache, a cut lip and a massive bruise on my arm. I wasn't like the normal teenager that spent their weekend shopping, playing some stupid sport. I spent my weekend doing what I loved- drinking and stealing. I was more than happy to openly admit I was young offender. Getting closer to the school stairs I untangled my black sun glasses from my long wavy black hair and pulled them down on to my face.I didn't have to push through the crowd. People always gave me a wide birth. Mainly because they were scared if they didn't back off I would make them. I didn't rush up the stair case, because I saw no point in even attending.I was a valued member of a group, that some may call a 'gang'- personally the mere word, 'gang' screamed pathetic. I referred to us as a family and the family didn't care if you graduated high school or not.But then a memory of Blake and I fighting last week flashed across my mind and doubt began to surface in my mind on just how long I would remain part of the 'family' after those events. I pushed an unmoving middle school student out of my way in frustration. I heard him fall to the ground but I didn't acknowledge it.Should have moved first I reasoned in my mind.After reaching the front yard of the school, I glanced over my surroundings.Happy, immature teens spammed the yard.I could easily state I disliked close to the whole population that attended this pitiful placed called high school. Then my eyes landed on Jackson Johnston.He was sitting on top of one of the picnic tables, arms crossed, hoodie pulled and sun glasses on. His minions of morons surrounded him. I could feel his stare through his sun glasses but didn't give it any attention -one because I ever spoke to the loser and two he glared more at people then I did.Jackson or Jax as his friends call him. He always had this look to him as if he had been fighting all night or just escaped from a fist fight.I spotted Rachel leaning against one of the pillars near the entrance, smoking. Her long red hair flicked to the side as she walked towards me.Rachel was the only person I spoke to in this place called public high school.Though even with how rich my father was, I didn't let it influence my school choice. I didn't give a toss if I attended a public or private high school. I would still fail no matter where because I didn't put in any effort into my studies.So I saved dad the trouble of sending me to a rich school and just didn't air the fact to much that I was flirty rich, or at least my family was. "Amber." Rachel spoke as she sucked lightly on the cigarette.I nodded my head and she handed the cigarette over to me.I sucked lightly on it and let my eyes return back to Jax's picnic table as we began to walk slowly towards the school, passing the other empty picnic tables .I could never fully understand why he even bothered attending. Everyone knew he had a lot of money though no one knew why and by the looks of his facial expressions you could tell he didn't want to be here."Losers." Rachel muttered under her breath clearly noticing my eye line."Yep." I replied popping the p and then casually flicking the cigarette at the back of one of the cheerleaders head who was sitting at Jax's table as we passed.I heard a high pinch squeak and then a disgusted moan from behind us as we kept walking."Can't you manage to put out a cigarette" The angry little bimbo said from behind me.I just flipped the bird over my shoulder and kept pace with Rachel."So any memories of the weekend?" Rachel spoke with a knowing tone."Nope, but I am sporting this highly fashionable cut lip." lI teased back as I pushed the front door open with more force than needed.Students in the hall had a scared expression across their faces as the door banged back off the wall. "Smooth." Rachel mocked.I shrugged my shoulders and we began to make our way up the corridor as the bell hang through the corridor.Other students began to scatter to get to class on time while Rachel and I took our sweet time.And so another day of high school begins.*What was the point of history?It was a pointless subject.I stared out the window watching intently as the school gardener tried to mow over the rocks."Amber." My teacher spoke.My head whipped up towards the front of the class.Our teacher Mr Woods had his back to class writing on the white board, as I looked more closely I noticed the heading of 'Partners' then with students names paired together.My eyes browsed down the list and stopped on my name as I glanced across Mr Woods had just completed writing my partners name.Jackson.Just bloody great.I glanced around the room and spotted the pinhead in the middle talking to one of his mates."Ok class listen up" Mr Woods spoke loudly trying to get the classes attention."So as you can see I have paired each of you up. Your partner will be your partner for the following assignment. As you know you guys are to put together a written report on World War 2 and then research one solider from the war, which will be delivered in an oral report at the end of the month." Mr Woods explained."So you and your partner will be working together for the rest of the month. So pair up and get started and complete the question sheet from my desk" Mr Woods finishedAll of a sudden I was filled with an unreasonable hatred towards him. I hated Mr Woods.He had just DOOMED me to a whole month of one on one with Jackson bloody Johnston.What was he thinking pairing me up with that pinhead!I angrily looked out the window trying to remember what Mr Woods drove so I would key some friendly advice into his paint work.The scraping of a chair brought my attention back to the classroom.Jackson sat in front of me with a bored expression on his face.God he was hot.I could honestly see why so many females found him attractive; even with his cut lip and bruised jaw.He had black hair that spiked up in every direction, a defined jaw with a six o clock shadow; though it was easily to state his most attractive feature was his piercing dark eyes. I had only had a few glances of his eyes they were usually covered by sun glasses or I just couldn't meet his eyes. But the few times I had, his eyes always made my breath swallow. They were so haunting and dark.Pitty he was such a pinhead."Jackson." His husky voice introduced himself.I let out a slow sigh"Seriously? You're introducing yourself?" I questionedHe shrugged his shoulders."You know me and I know you." I stated pushing my sun glasses up to the top of my head."Think a lot of ourselves don't we, Miss Amber Shields" he said cockily.I rolled my eyes "Point proven." I replied back and I leant back in to my chair.A small smirk appeared in the corner of his lips then disappeared."Just get the assignment done and hand me what to read on the day. I don't have time to deal with the school breathing down my neck about something as stupid as assignments. So make sure it's done." he ordered and then pulled his phone out as it vibrated.He just ordered me. I was gob smacked for a moment. I watched as he frowned at whatever he was reading.Then let out a soft chuckle."Something amusing?" he asked not bringing his eyes off his phone."Depends on what you class as funny I guess." I softly replied.He didn't respond.I tapped my finger on the table while his attention was on his phone.Taking my eyes off the pinhead I browsed the classroom, seeing every student in the room was working and discussing.As I watched Linda one of the cheerleaders laugh and talk to one of her girlfriend, it looked like she had moved on since this morning when I used her hair as an ash tray.I leant across to a neighboring desk and took a hand full of pencils. The students to engross in the assignment to even notice my actions.I lined Linda's head up and flicked the pencil.It fell short. Damn.I lined another pencil up."And what do you find amusing?" Jackson spoke up."Huh?" I replied bringing my attention back to him. His was still staring at his phone when I shot him a quick glance "Oh." my mind clicked back to our previous conversation talk about a slow response. "Nothing really" I replied closing one eye trying to line up a good hit.I flicked the pencil and again it fell short."Darn." I muttered.Jackson pulled his chair alongside of mine and picked up a pencil "Explain." he prompted rolling a pencil in between his fingers."I won't be doing the assignments." I announced closing one eye again with Linda's head lined up."You will." "Nope. I won't be. I don't give a toss if we pass or fail." I pointed out and flicked the pencil, this time it went too far.Bloody hell what was wrong with me today."Don't have a very good aim do you" Jax teased.I gave him a pointed look and then in defeat I flicked the pencils one after one, until one hit her. But to my luck pencils littered the ground around her and her friend. She was too dumb to even notice my failed attack."Watch and learn little girl." Jax chuckled.Then I watched as the pencil glided through the air and hit Linda square in the head."OUCH. What the hell?" she yelled and turned around seeing a glare my way.A soft chuckle left my lips "Nice." I complimented.Jax smirked and stood up. "I did you a favor, now do the assignments." He commanded and with that the bell rang and he began to make his way through the classroom.Not giving me a chance to reply and push the point home that I would not be doing the history assignment.I lived with my father, not because I wanted too because I had no other choice. Dad was a typical businessman, driven by money and status. He loved two things, money and the things money bring. He loved me I knew that for sure but he loved me in a different way. He loved me by making sure my bank account never dried up, made sure I wanted for nothing and that I had an endless amount of high luxury cars. I let out a low sigh looking up at the massive mansion of a house that only had dad and myself dwelling within it; oh and the staff. I had lived here my entire life and I still felt like it was more of a display house then a home. I dragged my feet up the staircase. Another down side to this house was all the darn stairs. The sound of the closing front door echoed throughout the house behind me. I threw my back in the direction of the side table and it missed, hitting a vase instead and sending it in small pieces everywhere. Great- I am not cleaning that up. What was with my aim today?"Amber?" I knew that voice and darn my luck for dad to be home early. I rolled my eyes and let my head fall back very dramatically. Why did he have to be home so early? I stomped my way into the living room and slumped into an opposite arm chair.Like always dad was sitting in his favorite armchair, with a drink in hand. "What?" I asked with a tired tone in my voice.Dad looked up from his paperwork, his small glasses on his nose and he was still wearing a busniness suit. "We are having a guest move in with us for a while" He explainedMy eyes snapped wide.He hadn't let anyone stay here since my brothers left.It had just been him and I. "Why?" I asked.What could be a solid reason for him to let someone move in or even stay for a short period?"A favour to your brothers." He replied sipping at his southern comfort."A favour to my brothers." I repeated. That didn't make sense, why would my brothers want anyone to stay with us."He will be here soon." My dad finally said. I noticed by his tone the conversation had ended.I stood up and left the room walking towards the staircase. Lights flashed across the room and I turned my head to side noticing a car approaching the house. I quickly took the stairs two at a time and ran to the bedroom.When I closed my door softly I heard our doorbell ring.I was in no mood to meet the so called friend of my brothers that was moving in.My opinion of my brothers was very low and anyone that was a friend of theirs wasn't one of mine- it was that simple.It was a fresh morning and I skipped down the stair case two at a time. The chiefs would have already prepared breakfast and I had a wanting for bacon. As I pushed the swinging doors to the kitchen the fresh smell of bacon and eggs was in the air.My mouth watered at the smell and then everything, actually no I think the world stopped when I saw what was in my kitchen. No it couldn't be...Standing there in his shorts, no top on was Jackson Johnston. What was he...How could this...From what I could tell he was as shocked to see me as I was to see him. After minutes of looking at each other, Jax's mouth opened up and that devilish smirk spread across his lips. "You're smoking hot of a morning."At that point I suddenly wasn't hungry.
"Casey!" 
I heard the urgent tone under his voice as he yelled. I sat up abruptly and forced my blurry vision to focus. When I realized what the pair of blinding lights was, I immediately strapped my seat belt on and curled my body up and tried to protect my head by shielding them with my arms. A weight settled on me as I squeezed my eyes shut and the next thing I knew, I was facing gravity head on.
I woke up with my heart beating hard against my rib cage and my breathing was shallow. A sheen of sweat covered my forehead and back as I tried my hardest to get myself to calm down. It wasn't long until I felt my breathing was back to normal but I knew I wouldn't be able to sleep anymore. Feeling around my bedside table, I felt for my phone and when I finally got a hold on it, I checked the time and found out that I still have 2 more hours before school.
I went down the stairs quietly. The only noise heard was the creaking of stairs bearing my weight and I flinched when the last step I took made the loudest one of all. I wouldn't have any explanation as to why I was wandering around the house if my parents caught me. I headed for the kitchen and grabbed a drink to quench my thirst. Washing my face in the sink, I tried to rub all the traces of the dream off.
A year and I still have dreams about it. I climbed up the stairs again and entered my bedroom, flicking my nightlight on. The dim light illuminated the two beds in the room. I requested that the bed beside mine to not to be taken out of the room.
One was neatly made and the other was mine, obviously messed up with the duvet strewn everywhere. I made my way to the bedside table of the neatly made bed. There were frames of untouched pictures, one showed a little girl hugged by an older looking boy. Both were chubby and round but they both had big smiles in their faces.
Another was what you would call a photo shoot..? The girl looked a bit older now but she didn't lose the grin. She was using a small pink, fluffy flannel, sitting down on a stool while hugging a teddy bear and the boy was standing, straight and towered over the girl. Although he was a kid, he didn't fail to seem protective of the little girl. He didn't show a grin on this one, his whole facial was stone like but you couldn't miss the slight twinkle in his eyes.
Another was both the children with a birthday cake with the candle that shaped a '3' on it. Both their parents were trying to divert their attention to the camera but both the kids didn't budge. It seemed as if they were having an inside joke with a sibling telepathy. They were both grinning innocently while looking at each other and compared to the former picture, the boy's facial expression visibly soften when it stared on the girl.
The last picture showed a girl and a boy. Both looked years older than the kids in the other pictures, probably 14 and 16. The girl was grinning and it was the exact same grin the girl in the other pictures had. So innocent and sweet. The boy didn't grin but he did smile and his hand went across the girl's shoulders, hugging her from behind and he hunched his body a bit so that he rested his chin on the girl's head. The scenery behind them was of a mountain covered with snow and it seemed to touch the clear and blue sky. Below the mountains was a lake that sparkled due to the sun rays that hit it's surface.
I sighed and stroked the wooden frame. How I miss you, brother. I put the picture down and was once again swallowed by grief with the remembrance of loss I experienced in an early age.
I crawled onto the bed and hugged a worn out cloth that lost it's color and has tiny holes in it. I wept onto it, grieving over the brother I lost that night like I always do. The last thing that the little boy left behind.
Dia berjalan melewati koridor putih itu, tergesa-gesa. Keringat dingin mengucur deras dari tubuhnya, tangannya gemetar, rahangnya bergetup.
"Apa ini? Tuhan tolong, beri gue kekuatan."
Laki-laki jangkung itu tiba di salah satu kamar rumah sakit dengan pintu putih bersih bertuliskan ICU. Dibukanya pintu itu perlahan, bau khas rumah sakit menyambutnya membuat dadanya semakin sesak. Laki-laki jangkung itu terdiam, melihat seorang gadis yang tertidur pulas di tempat tidur rumah sakit, tenang dan tak bergeming sedikitpun. Ia menghampiri gadis yang tertidur itu, dadanya semakin sesak, tangannya gemetar dia tidak sanggup berkata sepatah katapun.
"Bangun, gue tau lo kuat lo harus bangun, sayang" kata sayang meluncur dari bibirnya yang kelu.
Laki-laki itu meneteskan air matanya, ia tidak bisa membendungnya saat melihat wajah gadis yang ia panggil sayang tertidur lelap tak bergeming.
Laki-laki ini sadar ia telah menorehkan semburat luka dengan belati di hati gadis polos ini, membuatnya menderita selama beberapa kurun waktu. Dia beranjak ke sudut ruangan dan meringkuk memeluk lututnya. Dia tumpahkan semua air mata yang tertahan di pelupuk matanya.
Dalam benaknya, beribu pertanyaan masih membentang. Kenapa dia harus meringkuk dan menangis seperti ini padahal ini kemauannya. Dia sudah merasakan kebebasan sejati yang ia inginkan, tetapi mengapa sekarang menjadi aneh? Seakan semua berbanding terbalik dari yang dia inginkan. Laki-laki jangkung ini hanya ingin bebas, sudah di dapatkan olehnya, tetapi dia merasa ada sesuatu yang mengganjal yang membuatnya gelisah dan penuh luka. Padahal dia lah belati tajam penuai luka itu, apa bisa belati terluka? Ini seperti karma yang ditulis tuhan untuk sebuah belati penuai luka sepertinya. Memang logika bertolak belakang dengan hati.
"Pass it!" somebody hollered from the other side of the room before we felt a ball zoom past us. We whipped our heads to its direction and saw that Jasper Dean was now spinning the basketball on his finger, chuckling at his teammate who passed it.
"I can't believe you were once friends with Jasper Dean," she snorted, forking her salad into her mouth, "He's childish in every way and you're not."
My eyes locked with him for a brief moment. Like we were silently communicating, we held each other's gaze. It was something we understood each other since childhood; no words were needed in able to reach out our thoughts.
"Savannah!" Kyla cracked me out of my trance. A teammate of Jasper swung his arm on him and that was when both of us turned away from each other.
 Since we were kids, we were the best of friends. He didn't know why but we stopped talking to each other. Well, I was the one who stopped talking to him in the first place.
*
*
*
A new story which is the spin-off of my other book, Falling For The Opposite. I hope we all fall in love with Savannah and Jasper as the story progresses.
No, you don't need to read Falling For The Opposite to understand the story. This is a completely stand-alone book and you will have no problems if you only want to read this.
This is a sneak peek and please wait for the first chapter which will be up very soon. 
Nieznany: Przestań być słodka 
Nieznany: Albo chodź być słodka w moim łóżku 
Spojrzałam na telefon i pokręciłam głową. To pewnie kolejne żarty ze strony kolegów z mojej klasy. Chwyciłam urządzenie do ręki i bez zawahań je wyłączyłam. 
Chapter one
I went into my brothers room, tears streaming down my face and he immediately jumped up from his bed, wrapping me in a tight hug. I was one of those lucky girls who was extremely close to their brother. I would always go to to him with my problems and news, whether good or bad.
'Whats wrong, cookie?' He soothed, stroking my hair.
'He broke up with me Jelly Bean!' I cried into his chest.
He sat me down on the end of his bed and crouched down in front of me. He wiped away my tears, held my hands and looked into my eyes. In a serious voice he said,
'He's not worth it sweetie. No one that hurts you is worth your tears. Don't cry over him. Please don't cry... You are worth so much more than that.'
'But...' I started to argue. I had been with my boyfriend Mark since I was thirteen and since then he had cheated on me at least five times. Every time I forgave him, but now three years later he had broken up with me. Just a text. 
'I'm done with you Jess. Bored of this sh*t. Too young to be tied down. Catch you later.' 
I tried so hard to to be the perfect girlfriend for three years. I spent so much on Christmas, birthday, valentines and anniversary gifts. Even after I found out about the cheating. I just wanted him to be mine. I was young. Then I guess it became a habit and I couldn't and didn't want to stop trying to fight for his attention. Well, he's stopped it all now. I'm going to be an adult soon so I think it will probably work out for the best as I can mature into my own person. Something that I restricted so I could be his girl.
'Jessica, listen to me. Non of this is your fault. I have seen you upset countless times over this guy. He saw that you had so much innocence and trust and thought he'd have an easy target. He probably realises that you're both getting too old for his games now.'
'I should have been able stop this years ago...' I looked down.
He lifted my chin so I was looking into his eyes and said,
'You were young and you wanted an innocent, loving relationship. There is nothing wrong with that. You just chose the wrong guy, that's all.'
'I guess...' 
'Come on, I'm taking you for ice cream!' He exclaimed, jumping me up and pulling me with him.
'You are the best brother ever, Jordan!' I giggled, hugging him from behind.
'Only because your the bestest sister, cookie-wookie!' He said turning around to tickle me.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
When we got to Rainbow Cones:Our favourite place to get ice cream a waitress that I hadn't seen before lead us to a cosy purple window booth and we ordered our favourite Rainbow Bubblegum ice cream.  
When she came back with our orders she smiled at us and said,
'I don't know if this is appropriate or not, but I just have to say that you two make such a cute couple!' 
We burst out laughing at the same time.
'What?' She asked looking at us completely bewildered.
'He's my brother!' I laughed.
'Oh! No way! I'm so sorry!' She blushed bright red.
'It's fine' I smiled.
'Can I just ask why you thought we were a couple?' Jordan asked her.
'Oh, I don't know. You two just look so happy and close! I've never seen siblings this close!' She explained.
'Im one of the lucky ones' I smiled, 'I've got an amazing brother'. 
'Yeah, I got a sweet and funny cookie for a sister' Jordan grinned.
I laughed as the waitress became more confused. 
'Don't worry about it, yeah?' He said, smiling at her. We had been asked similar questions a few times before. I could understand why as we didn't look very similar and the way we acted could be seen as the way couples would act with one another.
'Okay. Well, enjoy your ice cream' she said before smiling and walking away.
'So my dear, would you like to arrange the wedding?' Jordan laughed. 
'Why of course! We really should plan for the arrival of Benjamin and Georgia!' I gushed.
'I hope Benjamin is born a year or two before Georgia so he can be her protecter!'
'Yes! Yes! Our son will care for his sister greatly. She will never have to worry with him and us around to care for her!'
'Him neither, dear! He will be our prince and she our princess!'
'Of course! But first, the wedding!!'
'Yes, the wedding!'
'Um, are you ready to pay?' The waitress said coming back to our table awhile later. 
We couldn't stop laughing as we left the ice cream parlour. We had just explained to a waitress that thought we were a couple that we were actually brother and sister, only for her to come back to hear us discussing the plans for our wedding and future children! We couldn't stop laughing long enough to tell her that it was just one of our jokes. It would be funny the next we went there and she was working.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
That night I was in Jordan's room cuddled up to him on his bed as we watched Another Cinderella Story.  
'Remind me why I let you pick the movie again?' He said, poking me in the arm.
'Because you love me and ow!' I giggled snuggling up to him and laying my head on his chest.
'What's the matter, sweetie? Did that hurt you?' He laughed, wrapping his arms around me.
'I love you, jelly bean!' I smiled up at him.
'I love you too, cookie!' He said and gently kissed my forehead.
'You really are the best brother, Jordan' I said.
'And you are the best sister' he replied.
'No, seriously. I've never met anyone like you. You care so much. You are always here when I need you. You make me feel so safe and loved.' I stared into his eyes.
'Thats because I love you, Jessica. You are an amazing person and you don't know how lucky I feel that you are my sister!' He stared back into my eyes.
I suddenly felt that tingly feeling. That feeling you get when you're with a guy you really like. Where you go all hot and feel a little dizzy. Where you long for them to kiss you and-
Who are we to judge?Shall I start off with such a controversial question that boggles the minds of people within our society today?I shall…
We tend to stay within the boundaries society sets for us when it comes to who we fall in love with. Boy and Girl, Rich and Rich, Poor and Poor, Intelligent and Intelligent and so on. But me, I love to complicate things if you have read any of my other stories.
How about…?Girl and Girl, rich and poor, intelligent and lazy?Sounds perfect to me.
Our main characters, Heaven Williams and Pharaoh(Fair-oh) Mendez are total opposites. Pharaoh finds himself hating Heaven with a passion because of her divine perfection, but behind closed doors she is prone to abuse and a dwindling middle class. On the other hand Pharaoh has everything his heart desires. But he is rude and disrespectful, damages and defaces school property, races cars, and has many tattoos and snakebite lip piercings. Definitely Pearson High School’s bad boy.
You know how it goes though, they’ll end up together but it’s not cliche at all. She’s not going to change him and he’s not going to change her. He’ll stay exactly the same because that is who Heaven fell in love with. Read about Pharaoh and Heaven’s unique love for each other and how they struggle on the daily to make things work.
                “Ethan, your friends are here!”
                My mother’s voice went up far too high in pitch when she said the word friends. I stood up and rolled my eyes, leaving my bedroom.
                “Have fun with your friends!” she said, again putting way too much emphasis on the word friends.
                “Have fun with your craziness,” I grumbled.
                She followed me to the door, watching me as I pulled my shoes on. I could see Benji’s car parked out in the driveway. I stood up to open the door and paused, glancing back at my mom.
                “Are you going to follow me to his car, too? Sheesh woman, and you wonder why I don’t have any friends,” I said with a sigh.
                “Just go and have fun Ethan,” she said, reaching out and squeezing my shoulder.
                “Yea, yea, yea,” I said, brushing her hand off and leaving the house.
                I climbed into the backseat of Benji’s car and shut the door. He pulled out of my driveway and took off towards Sonnet’s house.
                “Hi Ethan!” Gideon greeted from the passenger seat.
                “Hey Gideon. Nice of you to say hi, Benji,” I said.
                “I’m driving!” he said.
                “Yes, because it’s so hard to drive and talk at the same time. I completely understand,” I assured.
                “I don’t like you Ethan,” he said in annoyance.
                I grinned. “Yea, I know.”
                We fell into comfortable silence, Alesana playing out of the car speakers. Gideon and Benji sang along with the music together until Benji pulled into Sonnet’s driveway.
                The three of us got out of the car and I followed them up to the front door. Benji rang the doorbell and we waited until Sonnet pulled the door open.
                “Hola,” she greeted, stepping aside so that we could enter.
                “I’m hungry. Do you have food?” I asked.
                “Nice to see you too Ethan,” she said, rolling her eyes. “But yes, my mom is almost done making dinner. There’s maybe ten minutes until it’s ready. So until then, let’s go in my bedroom.”
                We followed her upstairs. Benji and Gideon were holding hands as they walked, laughing at some joke.
                Sonnet paused once we were at the top of the stairs and motioned at us to follow her to her living room. Her parents were standing in there together, concern on their faces.
                “I don’t know,” Sonnet’s mom whispered. “I checked his grades today, and he failed another quiz. It’s like he’s not even trying anymore. I’m so worried about him, Leo.”
                Sonnet’s dad, Leo, sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “I’ll try talking to him again, but every other time I’ve tried, he just tunes me out. I’m worried about him too, Grace.”
There will be abuse on this story but it gets better. If you don't like don't read it and don't put nasty comments on here.
This is my second story on wattpad. Updates may be slow not sure just yet.
***********************************
†Summary†
Rose Carter  has been abused basically her whole life by the person that's meant to scare boys off when she goes on date and holds her when she is sad, her father. But what happens when a group of boys were walking past her house and heard screaming.... What will the boys do and will rose finally have a peaceful life or will her nightmares come back and haunt her..
||Beans, Rice And Margaritas on ice||
∞ Aaliyah Clarke ∞
"OMG!!! Can't you guys keep it low? It's 7:00 am and it's a fucking Sunday. A girl needs her beauty sleep!! I yell in front of my new neighbours house. I get it they're shifting but are they moving Godzilla in there with the amount of noise they're making like ughhh. 
Rule 1: Never try and flirt with me. Other girls might like it but I definitely don't. It's like a minus point for you. I know I'm weird but every girl can't be the same right? Even in the case of Mr. Hot New Neighbour here. 
"Dammit girl you need to put some ice on that burn"
"Whatever -.- it's 7:00 in the morning and I don't wanna waste my time arguing with you. I better sleep." I say that and make my way back when he screams "Bye Sleeping Beauty I'll be there in time to kiss you, don't worry"
What a jerk
*BEEP*
You got a message from Kate 
<<OMG Al!!Did you here the latest gossip? There's a new guy in town and he's going to be attending our school. Rumour says he's hotter than the sun.>>
<<He's a jerk>>
<<How do you know? Don't tell me you met him without me? >>
<<He's my annoying new neighbor who hit on me like 2 mins ago>>
<<Seriously? Is he hot? tell me tell me tell me>>
<<Yeah kinda>>
<<Then who gives a damn if he's a jerk, the good looks cover up for everything. Coming to your house in about an hour. have to meet this cutie. >>
There goes my Sunday Sleep 
Media of Cameron Dallas playing Logan Anders 
"Cali when are you coming back?" my little sister Layla asked.
Oh lemme introduce myself. My name is Cali Richards. I'm 20 yrs old years old and I live in Atlanta with my 5 year-old sister Layla. My mom is a drug addict who died last year of overdose. Our dad's in jail for drug possession. He supposed to get out in two months and I'm not really excited. He's a drug lord who got caught. My dads right hand man Chris is in charge. I always had a crush on him but my dad said I'm not allowed to mess wit business. He liked me for a while now but I gotta go by my dad's word. And plus I haven't seen him since my dads been in prison.
" imma be right back. Shanna here so you'll be okay." I said putting my hair in a ponytail and fixing my name tag on my footlocker uniform.
"Okay. Tell Kaila I say hi." she smiled and her cheeks puffed. 
I kissed her on the cheek and opened the door for Shanna. I rushed out the door to my car. I was five minutes late to work but Mr. Jones won't care. 
I got in and turned on the engine and turned my Kevin Gates CD and "Jam" was blasting through the speakers.
"Time for work." 
I sighed and pulled out the driveway and sped off..... 
FIRST BOOK
If you could write down the names of the people you wanted to slap since fourth grade, how many pages would you need? 
In my case, it would be uncountable but Romeo Elliot Flemmings would definitely be the first one on my list.
"Stop it," I warned Romeo, who had a vexatious smile on his face. He tugged on my English Literature homework, and he purposely batted his lashes at me. It was nauseating that a slap across his cheek would greatly suffice as a remedy.
"Can I please borrow your homework?" Romeo begged in a false falsetto. "I swear it won't happen again."
I crossed my arms and snatched my Moby Dick worksheet away from his. "You said it yesterday and the day before and so on."
"Look," Romeo began, pressing his palms together. "I really love thee, Juliet. Hey, should it be thee or thou?"
I wrinkled my nose, it was the same repeating speech that's getting old real fast. "I don't care if it's thee or thou."
"But I really do. Please?" 
I sighed heavily, defeated. If there's one thing I know about Flemmings, it's his impressive preserve to get what he wants. 
"This the last time I'll ever lend you."
• • •a/n argh first chapter, I hope it's alright :)
dedicating this chapter to my fabulous reader who always comment something nice on my chapter!
thank you for your support!
& thanks to my editor ChronicSadness !
Annoying Neighbour.
Quick note: When i started writting this story, i didn't treat it like i do now, the gramma and spelling will probably be bad and some sentences might not make sense, i  promise the chapters get better.
It's Monday, first day at back at school, third one this year. I went inside a shower, and did my make up.
"Your late!" My mom shouted whilst i was walking to the kitchen.
"I'm going now!" I yelled back and  took an apple from the kitchen.
"Oh not like this your not." She replied.Then she came upto me, lowered my skirt to my knee and bottoned my two top buttons. 
She gave me a small smile.
"Much better." 
"Thanks." i replied sarcasticly but she didn't realise.
I was walking towards my motorcycle, and then i saw someone leaning against it, someone really gorgeous and handsome. He had dark blonde hair similar colour to mine, his hair was messy but still sexy, nicest blue eyes i've ever seen, and muscly. He saw me and smiled, oh god that smile was priceless.
"Hey baby."Spoke the sex god. Even his voice is sexy. 
Baby? Slow down i don't even know your name.
"Get off my baby!!!! Don't lean on it don't touch it, don't even look at it!!!"I screamed.When he heard me he took a step away my motorcycle.
"I'm Josh." He greeted me he sounded kind but he had a smirk on his face.
"I have two questions, First, i do get male attention but why are you here? And two is why were u next to my motorcycle!?" I questioned still mad at him.
"Well i also have two questions. One is do you have a boyfriend? And two is why have i never seen you in my life since your the hottest girl in school, in the city probly even in the country? Oh and anwsering your question, i'm your neighbour." 
I rolled my eyes.
"How do you know i'm going to your school?" 
"Because everyone is talking about a new hot girl from Canada, and your new and hot." He replied, then winked at me.
"Dick." I mumbled under my breath.______________________________________
Hope you enjoyed the first part. I'll be uploading soon also this was just a short first chapter. Just to get the idea was is going to happen in the book.
Will Amber keep thinking Josh is annoying or will she fall for him?
Pleaseeeee leave comments, i love reading them! 
STAY FABULOUS!!!
Olivia xoxo
Summary: Jessica Francis is your typical nerd, a top student. You will often see her with her books. The only difference is that she's not hated nor bullied for what she is. After her father's re-marriage, she was told to move back with her new family, in Colorado. She was transferred to a new school and hoped for a quiet school life until she graduates. However, being the new sibling and friend of the school's popular students is not so easy. Especially if it turns out that the school's beauty queen, Sabrina Carter has a crush on you. 

Author's Note: Hello everyone! It's nice to meet you all. This will be my second girl x girl book. Thank you for taking the time to check this book out. As for myself being a writer, please note that I am a very beginner. English is not my first language. In fact, it's my third. Any grammar or spelling mistakes that have been made please immediately tell me. If you are an experienced writer and would like to help me out on some parts then I'd be appreciate for your help. Anyways, thank you again! Enjoy. Have a good day!
A dedication to Svetalvanova for such a big inspiration. I love her and her books. Check her out (not like that, but you know what I mean)

Copyright © 2014-2015 by Vazzulisa
All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests on writing a sequel or a fan fiction to it, please message the author. Thank you.
New Story!
Enjoy :)
"Listen honey everything will be fine. They will love you." Mom patted my shoulder.
"And how do you know that?" I turned to her waiting for her to explain.
"Because you're you and everybody loves you." She smiled. I rolled my eyes and almost gagged at her cheesy answer. I didn't respond back because I was done with this conversation. I hated the fact that we had to move to a whole different state. I missed home and I missed my best friends.
I am not prepared to live in a new state and go to a new school. I was definitly not prepared to live with five boys. Who are known as my stepbrothers..
I don't blame my mom for all of this. She fell in love with an incredible man. He was everything she wanted. He is a really nice guy and I love seeing my mom so happy.
A black SUV pulled up. John jumped out of the car with a big smile on his face. He hugged my mom and planted a kiss on her lips. I cleared my throat causing them to pull apart and laugh.
"Gross." I wrinkled my nose in disgust. John walked over to me and gave me a bone crushing hug. "J-John c-cant b-breathe." I gasped.
He pulled away and chuckled. "Sorry Kali." He grabbed all of my moms bags and put them in the trunk. While I struggled getting mine into his trunk. Once he got all of my moms he helped me out with my bags. When we finished. We all jumped into the car buckled up and was on our way to John's home. As we got closer I began to feel a bit nervous. We only had about ten more minutes until we would be there.
I pulled out my earphones from my pocket. I needed to listen to my music to keep me from panicing about how close we are to getting there.
I plugged my earphones into my phone and put them in my ears. I pushed play on my phone. My music started playing. I rested my head onto the seat. I closed my eyes and let my music take me away.
"We're here!" John said. Making me jerk up. I looked outside my window to see a couple of the boys playing basketball in the drive way. I took out my earphones and shoved them in my pocket. "Boys get out of the way! I need to park in the garage!" John stuck his head out of the window yelling at the boys. They all moved and stood in the grass. John parked the car in the garage. That I didn't expect to be so big. We all got out of the car. The boys went back to playing their game of basketball. I got distracted by them not having their shirts on. You could see all their perfectly shaped abs.
"Boys go get a shirt on! The girls are here!" John yelled. The boys snapped their heads in are direction. That's when I could feel the nerves kicking in.
"But dad it's too hot for a shirt." One of the boys said.
"You three get over here now." John commanded as he opened the trunk and started setting my bags on the ground. "Bradley and Luke you two can help carry Kali's bag. Carter you can help me carry Kate's bags." John ordered. "Then after that you three will get cleaned up and meet me and the girls in the kitchen."
John and Carter took my moms bags and left. My mom followed behind them leaving me by myself with these incredibly attractive boys.
"So you're the daughter? I didn't expect you to be so um...-" Luke began to say.
"Cute." Bradley finished with a smirk on his face. I really hope they cant tell I'm blushing right now...
They both grabbed most of my bags and I grabbed the rest. We made our way inside the house.
"Why do you have so many bags?" Bradley groaned. Yes I did regret packing so much only because of the stairs we are trying to go up. All three of us were struggling. Okay more like I was struggling...the boys groaned a lot but they still made it look easy but I probably wouldn't be having such a rough time if I would focus on where I was going instead of looking at the boys back muscles.
"First I'm a girl so I have a lot of clothes and second I had to move all the way over to a whole different state and into a new home so yes I'm going to have a lot of bags." I sighed.
"Sassy." Bradley mumbled.
I ignored him and we kept walking down a hallway. We finally stopped in front of a light pink door. I noticed that all of the doors were a light pink...
"Why are all the doors pink?" I asked.
"Our uncle and cousins painted all the doors in a light pink to get back at us for pulling a prank on them." Luke sighed. I let out a little laugh.
"And you guys never changed the color back?" I looked at both of them.
"It happen like three days ago and we all just kept it because we're too lazy to paint it back to it's normal color." Luke said as he open the door.
"Oh." Is all I said. We all walked into what is now my room. I liked it a lot. It is much bigger than my old room and has it's own bathroom. Thank god. I really did not feel like sharing a bathroom with five boys.
We sat my bags onto the ground beside my bed. We all sighed in allusion. Making us give each other weird looks.
"Well we better go get changed." Luke put his hand on Bradley's back pushing him along with him but regretting touching him once he knew he was all sweaty. He wiped his hand onto his shorts.
They left my room and I was now alone. I let out a big breath when they left and fell onto my bed. Damn these boys are hot. Two down three to go. Well I guess I already saw Carter but I didn't get a good look at him. He went inside the house too fast for me to see what he looked like all I knew is that he had brown hair.
My phone rang. I answered it. It was my mom. She told me to get ready because we are all having dinner at the table and that I am in charge to help flip the burgers on the grill. She should know that is something I never do. I don't even cook. How am I suppose to grill?
I sighed and got up off of my bed. I walked out of my room and closed the door behind me. I pulled out my phone and started messaging my best friend Cary. Not looking at where I was going I ran into someone. My phone slipped out of my hands and I fell right onto the person who I ran into.
"Fuck." He groaned. I looked down to see another cute boy. It wasn't Bradley or Luke so which one is he?
"I'm so sorry." I apologized. I was completely embarrassed.
"It's alright...wait what's your name?" He asked.
"Kali." I said.
"Oh right. Well I'm Carter." He smiled.
"Hi Carter. It's nice to meet you." I smiled back.
"What is going on here?" A voice asked. Making me jump and break eye contact with Carter. He smirked and I quickly got back up to my feet. I turned around to see a much older boy. I would say in his early twenties.
"Um nothing." I quickly walked away. I knew I was blushing hard.
"Kali you forgot something." Carter waved my phone. Aw shit. I quickly walked back over to him. I went to grab my phone but he moved it away. I tried to grab it again but he just held it up higher so I couldn't reach it. He smirked as he watched me try to jump for it.
"Seriously?" I crossed my arms.
"Carter stop flirting with the girl and give her, her phone back." The guy in his early twenties said.
"Oh fine." Carter smirked and handed me my phone. I snatched it out of his hand and glared at him. I turned to the other guy.
"Thanks uh..."
"Shawn." He smiled.
"Thanks Shawn." I smiled back.
"No problem."
I continued to make my way down the hallway and then down the stairs.
Remember that there is a lot more to come to this story! Cant wait! :)
Okay sooo
Vote
Fan
Comment!
(:
x
Zarmell POV
"Ready to get out Bri ?"
"No Daddy. Wait longer please."
She started splashing around in the tub again and I watched as she made funny noises while playing with her toys. 
"Daddy look ! Nemo is eating his fish food !", She giggled. 
She grabbed the toy and swam it towards the bubbles. 
"Bri you're going to get wrinkle if you stay in there any longer."
She's going to be looking like Mom forehead when she gets angry. Wrinkle and mad. Bad combination even when thinking about it. 
"But I'm not ready Daddy !", She whined. 
Her teeny fist splashed in the water. 
Is it too late to say where she gets her certain traits from ?
I grabbed her towel off the sink and held it open. 
She returned at me with a mean mug before rolling her eyes. 
"Roll those eyes again."
She stood up and I scooped her up in the towel before reaching in the tub to let the water out. 
I opened her door and walked inside before putting her back down. 
"You want to dress girly or like Daddy today ?"
"Like you !", She smiled. 
"Good choice."
I started picking out her clothes from her drawer, but my phone started ringing. I dug in my pocket and brought my phone out, sliding my finger across the screen. 
"Hello ?"
"Sup Mell, you might need to pay a visit to the trap today.", I heard Javon say.
"The fu- what happened Javon ?"
I helped Bri put on her clothes. 
"We're missing twenty thousand."
"HOW THE FUCK DID TWENTY THOUSAND GO MISSING ?!"
Bri jumped and I took a deep breath as Javon spoke. 
"Ion know bro. I went to collect the money from the last deal we made and it's somehow missing."
These niggas got me fucked up. 
"Say no more."
I hung up and threw my phone on her bed.
I slid my hand down my face as I sighed. 
"Daddy you're mad ?"
"Just a little angry." 
I reached over and grabbed her shoes. 
"No Daddy, the blue ones."
I put back the first pair and grabbed the second. 
"Put these on and hurry. I got to go grab my keys."
“Heart, we love you!” the crowd yelled and I grinned into my microphone.
Standing in front of a stage while thousands of people were watching your every move may have seemed kind intimidating but for me, this is what made me smile. I did not waste most of my teenage years just for me to be bluntly ignored by the public eye.
“I hope you’re all enjoying tonight,” I said which made them respond with a huge batch of screams. I laughed into the mic, making the sound erupt through the whole arena making my fans yell louder.
You just got to love screaming fans.
When the music started blaring, I took a deep breath to start the first verse of my song. It was always like this, I would perform for hours and I’ll end up so tired but it was worth.
My job was to sing and act in front of people and in return, I get the most amazing fans and a huge wad of cash.
With a few intermissions, costume changes and a bunch of interaction with the crowd, I was glad to call it a night.
Reaching backstage, the crew was gathering up the equipment. I saw my manager walking up to me with her phone forever pressed against her ear as her heels clacked against the floor.
“Good show, Heart,” she praised after she finally ended the call and lowering her hand with her phone still tightly clasped in it.
“Thank you, Taylor,” I nodded formally and when her phone beeped inside her hand, she raised a finger to excuse herself and moved to answer whoever was calling her.
“Taylor Burns speaking,” she said in a professional tone and after a buzzing from the other line, she finally perked up, “A movie deal?”
Rolling my eyes, I already knew how this will play out. The person will call Taylor for a movie deal, she’ll try to talk me into it, I’ll be too nice to reject and I’ll somewhat end up in a movie set which will either end up horribly or I’ll end up with another award in my hands.
Either way, I’ll spend a few months on set, wasting my time when I could be sitting at home eating a huge bowl of strawberry ice cream.
“Oh of course sir, my client would be very interested,” Taylor said excitedly to the person on the other line.
Yup, I would be jumping for joy on a pathetic movie.
“I’m going to my dressing room,” I muttered though I’m sure she didn’t even notice me leave.
Releasing my hair from the intricate style that it was in, I ran a brush through it but mentally cringed when I noticed it was too stiff with hairspray to even move.
With a sigh, I dropped down the hair brush on the dresser just in time when somebody knocked on the door.
“Come in,” I grumbled loudly and when the door opened, my mood did a complete 180.
There stood my mother, May Almond. Ever since her divorce with my father, she gradually became older looking but she was much younger than what she looks. She barely even goes to my concerts but this was one of the rare nights where she went on her way to support me.
“Hi mom,” I smiled and she took a seat on one of the couches.
“Your father called when you were performing earlier,” she started out nervously and my smile fell into a neutral expression.
Did I hate my father? Of course not, I’m a big daddy’s girl. Did I see him often? Unless you count the skype calls we regularly have, no I don’t. He’s living in England so time zones are another problem in my case.
“What did he say?” I asked. Both of my parents aren’t exactly in good terms but I don’t blame. They’re divorced and my dad got himself a much younger girlfriend who I despise so much.
 “He’s visiting for the summer,” she informed me, “And he’s bringing that Adam boy.”
A smile crept up to my face once again as I heard the oh so familiar name.
Adam Nicholas, my best friend was finally coming to visit. I haven’t seen him in person since I last had a family vacation in England five years ago. He used to be my next door neighbor and leaving him was one of the saddest things ever since I became famous.
We tried to keep in touch but it was so difficult that whenever he tried to call me, I was fast asleep. I never had time to go through my e-mails and up until we both graduated from high school this year, we only spoke to each other once a month.
I miss him terribly though. He was my first everything; first friend, first kiss, first crush and first love.
---------------------
New story and don't worry, I'll keep updating Falling For The opposite. This isn't my first time I'll be handling two stories at a time. This will be my second priority so I'll don't kill me if this has slower updates than my other story.
 Please vote, comment and follow so I should know if I should continue this story.
ANIKI'S P.O.V
"I..h-hate... you," I said. I have just taken another beating for my sister I used to love so dearly. Why they treat me like this you might ask, because I don't want to be in a gang. 
Crazy right? Everyone in my family is in a gang except of course for me. I don't really like gangs I mean the don't do anything in them but smoke, kill, and rape. I don't like any of those things. My aunt beats me too I just hate them all I wish I could escape. Don't get me wrong I tried maybe 10 to 15 times but every time I tried they somehow caught me.
There are different consequences from every person that caught me. If my sister I get beat, if my aunt I have to do all chores naked while the air conditioning is up full blast, if my brother I would have to memorize all the lyrics to his favorite songs and each lyric I got wrong he would kick me in my stomach. If it was my cousin said he would rape me,but he never caught me. Thank god he never caught me because I'm still a virgin and I plan to keep it that way until I find the person I really truly love.
They used to love me, but when I decided not to be in a gang they treated me like an outcast.
~A/N~ Welcome to my story! Check out this awesome trailer made by Litloveyou <3  Enjoy the chapter! (WARNING! THIS MAY BE A TRIGGER.)
Blood and Ice.
It's a strange feeling. The hot blood pulsing through her veins, and the cold chill of fear slivering down to her toes. Yet, it's just as familiar as it always has been. The young girl, a terrified teen, backs away as the man twice her size stalks her into a walled corner. He pulls back a raised fist, ready to send it barreling into her tear soaked face. It reaches it target, hooking against the soft skin of a cheek with hard impact. 
A body falls to the ground. Nails claw at the floor. Fleeting footsteps move towards the kitchen.
More of her tears stream down as her pain ridden body urges her to retreat in whatever way she can. Wherever she can. She knows it's useless.
It always is.
Heavier steps follow after her, and seconds later a strong hand jerks on her arm with another agonizing grip. The stench of alcohol burns her nose. Loud profanities thunder into her now ringing eardrums. The grip tightens.
Her heart knows it's time to resign, just as always. His words drown out and she remains still, trapping herself in her own mind to safely ignore whatever pain that may come next. The man shakes her rigorously and barks commands in her ear. When she responds with little more than a dead gaze, with all the strength that only a well trained athlete could ever have, he hurls her small form against the kitchen wall.
Kneeling down over her, with more of the overpowering smell of liquor wafting out, he growls chastising words to her. They fall on deaf ears.
She's too busy crying, a sad pile on the cold tile floor, blaming herself for the utter shambles her life has become. When the man walks away, hobbling on drunken legs, she lies to herself for the hundredth time.
"I'm okay", she says.
A/N- Hello fellow wattpaders, i'm new to this and this is my first story so please bare with. I have been reading peoples stories on here for a year now and i thought ah what the hell lets give it a go. Sorry if this story offends anyone in any way though i don't intend to offend as i'm just winging it right now. Hope you enjoy and i'm so sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes i'll try my hardest.
Summary:
For fifteen years now Werewolves have been known to man, well they've literally taken over. You could say the humans didn't take their existence very well.  After 'The War' towns, cities and districts have been divided into territories that would house a pack lead by an Alpha. A person with power who should be obeyed by humans and Weres alike. Yes, they let the humans live, they say it's because they just wanted to live in peace. However, the humans have another idea, they only let them live because there's a chance that one of them could be a Werewolves mate. A mate is a soul mate; someone very important, the one peron who is believed to be perferct for another. Someone a Werewolf is possessive and protective of. Some human's have become accustomed to the idea of Werewolves and being a mate, some even hope for a Were to notice them. Then there are the one's who despise the idea and grovell in silence, silence because the Weres are a dangerous and undefeatable species. Then theres Vanessa, a human who lives with her Mum and Dad and her baby 4 year old brother, Sonny. Like any human she lives in a pack territory controlled by an Alpha. She's 18 now and the unmated males are all hoping for her attention, the gorgeous girl who secretly thinks all Werewolves are monsters like the rest of her family. Read her story and find out how being loved by a monster is and isn't the way Vanessa expected it to be like.
I returned to my home after spending a year with my father. His job is taking him to New England and well that's great for him. I wanted to stay here so I'm going to be staying with my mom and brother. I stood outside the house on the sidewalk. 
"You know a picture last longer" Someone said. 
"Smart ass" I replied looking at him. He laughed. 
"I'm Daniel and you are?" He asked. 
"You're best friends sister" I answered. 
"Megan?" He replied looking at me. 
"Yeah it's me you dumb ass" I responded. 
"You've grown up like a lot" He said. 
"Well it's been a year" I replied. 
"And that year has been really kind to you" He responded still checking me out. I shook my head. I grabbed my suit case and walked up the steps. He followed me. I got to the door and opened it. 
"Mom?" I called out. She came out of the kitchen with a smile on her face. 
"Oh my gosh look at you. You've grown into such a beautiful young lady" She said. I smiled at her. 
"That's what I said" Daniel replied. 
"Oh Daniel" My mom responded shaking her head. 
"Did I hear my baby sis?" Carter said coming from the living room. 
"Carter" I said. I rushed over to him and gave him a hug. He hugged me back and lifted me off of the ground. 
"Okay down boy" I said. He laughed and put me down. 
"Look at that. You're up to my shoulders now" He replied. 
"Yeah I grew a foot" I responded. 
"I was worried you would be 4'2 the rest of your life" He said. I punched his shoulder. 
"I'm 5'3 now" I replied. 
"And I'm 6'1 ha I win" He responded. 
"No I'm 6'2 so I win" Daniel said.
"By an inch" Carter replied. 
"Why don't I show you to your new room. We had the attic transformed into a bedroom for you." My mom responded. 
"What about my old room?" I asked. 
"That is now the game room" Carter answered. 
"But the attic is so much bigger and it's really nice" My mom replied. I nodded. We went up to the attic and she was right it was really nice. The window seat had a pillow on it. There was a white carpet and a huge bed on the other side of the step. There was a bar with hangers on it off to the far side. 
"Mom it looks like an apartment almost" I said. 
"We wanted to give you as much space as we could" She replied. 
"I love it" I responded. 
"Good. Now I'll leave you to get unpacked" she said. I walked over to the bed and put my suit case on it. I opened it and took out my clothes. I hung them up on the bar and then went downstairs to the game room. Carter and Daniel were playing call of duty. I shook my head. I stayed in the doorway. 
"I mean it she's off limits. I don't want her to be one of many girls that you use for sex. She's my baby sister" Carter said. 
"She's fifteen not five and you're three years older then her. She's not your baby sister" Daniel replied. 
"I mean it" Carter responded.
"Okay fine she's off limits damn" Daniel said. I shook my head. I wait for a minute until I cleared my throat. They both looked back. 
"Wanna play?" Carter asked.
"No I was wondering where mom put all my books" I replied. 
"Oh those are in your room under the window seat" He responded. 
"That's awesome and where did you put my book case?" I asked. 
"When we were moving it up to your room it fell apart. We ordered you a new one but it doesn't get here for a few more days" Carter answered. 
"Okay well I'm gonna take a nap so wake me up when dinner is here" I replied. 
"We will" Carter responded. I went back up to the room. I grabbed my one blanket that I've had since I was ten. In an angle it doesn't even cover my body anymore but I still use it. I lied down on my side on the bed and covered up with it. I closed my eyes and went to sleep. 
I opened my eyes and saw Daniel laying on his side looking at me. He put his hand on my hip.
"What are you doing?" I asked. 
"Seeing what this feels like to actually lay next to a girl" He answered. 
"Okay. Is there another reason why you're up here?" I replied. 
"The pizza and Chinese food is here" He responded. 
"Pizza and Chinese?" I asked. 
"Yeah you're mom wanted them both so we got a lot of both of them in case you wanted both too" He answered. I nodded. I sat up and his hand went on my lap. 
"Can you move your hand?" I asked. 
"Why is my hand near your lower area bothering you?" He replied. 
"Yeah it is" I responded. He moved his hand and sat up himself. He looked at me. He pushed me back and straddles me as my back hit the bed. He grabbed my wrists and held them above my head with one hand. He leaned his head down where it was an inch above my face.
"Does this bother you?" He asked looking from my eyes to my mouth. 
"Y-yeah" I stumbled. He smirked. 
"Good" He said leaning his head down more towards me. I felt his mouth touch my neck. I gasped and I felt him smile against my neck. He trailed his mouth up and down. My back arched towards him and he got off of me quickly. I looked at him. 
"Let's go eat" He said. I nodded. He went downstairs and I sat up. I shook my head and went downstairs. I sat down next to Carter at the table and grabbed some pizza and some egg rolls. I looked up at Daniel. He was busy fighting with Carter over the big piece of pizza.
Just a quick note before the story starts :) All of my stories are in a program on WP that generates ads between some chapters in the phone app. If you would take a moment to glance at them, then just skip them after a few seconds, I would greatly, greatly appreciate it. These chapters take 3-5 hours of my time, so please lend me a few seconds of yours as you enjoy the series :) 
A loud knock rang out in my bedroom as mom banged on the door for the third time.
"Arron, come on, get up! You're going to be late for your first day at your new school!"
"That's not a bad thing!" I shouted back with a groan as I pulled the blanket further over my head. I did NOT want to go to school, much less a new school right in the middle of the year! It was early December and as we drove through town last night to this new house I swear a Christmas brochure vommited on our new neighborhood! The lights were so bright across the street that I had had to hang one of my comforters over the window just to get some sleep!
The door creaked open a moment later, followed by the sound of mom's footsteps.
"I need to go to work, I better see that paperwork from the office filled out tonight."
I replied with another groan and listened as she sighed and walked out. A minute later the front door opened, then clicked shut, followed by the sound of mom's car driving off.
"Meh..."
Sitting up I gave a big yawn, then slid out of bed. I really wasn't a morning person...or an afternoon person for that matter. Running my fingers through my messy, dirty blond hair let me know that there weren't any knots, but it definitely wasn't going to behave without a handful of gel in it. Eh, not worth the time in front of the mirror.
Everyone at my old school just messed with it anyways...hopefully no one will shave it like last time. 
I had always been the runt of my school and being a freshmen didn't help. Shapeshifters stopped hiding from society a long time ago so half of the kids in schools were now openly known as shapeshifters. Big cats and wolves were the predominent factions in the world right now. There were plenty of other types, but they were too few and far between. Lions and wolves were the main groups because they had such large and strong families. A pack of wolves was nothing to laugh at, but a pride of lions? Yeah...
Hopefully this school didn't have as many shapeshifters as my last one...but that was just wishful thinking. I was a shapeshifter after all, but even keeping my head down and mouth shut didn't keep me from being bullied by all the other predators. With a tired sigh I got myself dressed in a pair of black jeans, black tennis shoes, and a grey Metallica shirt. After a quick tooth brushing I grabbed my board and ran downstairs.
Mom had left out my normal breakfast, a piece of toast with butter, on the counter. With a small smile I grabbed it and headed for the door. My favorite picture of dad was hanging right besides it.
"Hey dad. It's only been a month but we're keeping it together. Miss you..."
I could feel myself begin to blink back tears and quickly shook my head. It would not be good to start a new school day looking like I've just sobbed like a kitten! Putting on a determined face I walked outside and locked up, then tossed my board down to skate off to school.
The huge school building took about twenty minutes to get to and I was freezing by the time I kicked up my board and ran inside.
"Nnnnn." Darn cold winters!  That was one thing I was jealous of the other cats for. Most of them had nice thick coats! Even when they were shifted they always seemed to be nice and warm! At least the building was a little warmer than outside, though not by much.
As I stepped into the office my blood instantly chilled. Predator. Alarm bells went off in my mind for self preservation, but I bit my lip, hard, to keep myself from bolting. That's what got me targeted at my other school...my instincts were WAY too strong. Every kid had their animal's instincts, but both of the doctors mom had sent me to told me mine were much more powerful than other kids my age.
My eyes darted around the room, first checking the receptionist sitting behind the desk. She seemed like some sort of bird, so I quickly switched my attention to the teacher who was sorting files behind her. Again, not a predator. Then I turned and locked eyes with a..a..
"L-Lion................"
His eyes were the bright gold of a predator, and that narrowed gaze said he could sense I was about to run.
"Don't....."
The boy's deep voice showed just how close his animal was from taking over. If I ran, he would chase...it was a warning to calm down, fast.
I was honestly about to take my chances and run when someone stepped between us, cutting off my concentration in the nick of time. It was obvious right away that he was a prey animal, but judging from his size, he wasn't one that would ever go down easily. When I looked up a young teacher smiled down at me. He pressed his hand gently against my messy hair, calming the rest of my nerves. I heard shifting behind him, then the tiny bell above the door chimed and the lion walked out. I couldn't see him because the teacher moved to keep him from my sight, but the tension in the room went down several notches once the door shut and I could finally breath steadily again.
"Those are some strong instincts you've got there, kid."
My face flushed with color at the man's words. It was embarrassing to have such little control over my own thoughts. It was just like the cat took over and I had no choice but to follow!
"It's okay. You'll get better with your control over time. Just try not to stare down anymore lion's...especially while your lower lip is bleeding."
He carefully wiped the little line of blood from where I had bitten into my lip as I answered quietly.
"Y-Yes sir..."
"Heh, good boy. Now let's get you set up. You must be Arron?"
My chest tightened a little as I nodded. Not having a last name meant we didn't have a pack we belonged too. Even though our animals were generally solitary in the wild, our shapeshifter forms proffered something akin to a lion pride. We had had one back where we used to live, but when my father died and we moved, we lost the right to it.
I hesitantly handed him my paperwork. He looked through it for a moment before raising a brow and glancing down at me.
"There's a note saying you still need your rabies shot?"
Oh god.
I ran out the last time the doctor tried to give me that shot. It burned! The teacher evidently knew I would have said no so he just grinned and grabbed the schedule the receptionist handed him.
"Alright, we need to go get you that, I'll take you to the nurse's office."
The man turned and offered me a hand. I wish I could have just taken my papers and gone to class...I wasn't gonna get rabies in one day! But I knew it was school policy to have that shot before you go to class.
"It'll be okay, the nurse here is awesome."
I wasn't too sure about that, but I took his hand anyways...or at least began to. What I ended up doing was shifting right there in the office. Yup. I couldn't control my instincts...and I couldn't control when my cat felt like coming out. And now the reason I was bullied so often besides my instinct and changing problem? I was a cheetah...kitten.
Mute - adjective- refraining from speech or temporarily speechless. 
First things first, I don't speak because there's no use in it. People just talk and talk, and that's all it will ever be- just talk. But actions is where true character shows.
I don't talk to people at school. They're loud and unconcerned. But there's so many things that can be observed without the useless distraction of speech. But let me clarify, words are important. Just not in the form of speech. 
But I do talk, it's rare, and my voice is soft, so if you're too loud, you'll miss it. I talk to my best friend Westly, but never in public. In public we communicate with our eyes in our own foreign language. Westly is the very outgoing. That's why we go perfect together, she says all the feelings I have for me. Which gives me another reason not to talk.
I am determined to make it through high school with out uttering one word to those people. 
Not. One. Word.
Author's Note.It so short I know. I literally thought of this on the bus. So I wrote it down, loved it, posted it. Boom how stories are born. 
Don’t Give Up- Chapter 1
                I was always different from most girls, and I knew it.
                During my years of middle school, I only had one friend who accepted who I was. Clarice Adams was just like me. The both of us spent most of our middle school years together, watching horror movies instead of going shopping, reading novels instead of painting nails, and arguing over music instead of shoes. We both didn’t care too much about our looks and what people thought of us. That was what made us so compatible.
                It completely broke my heart when Clarice decided to try out for the cheerleading team in the beginning of freshman year in high school. I knew personally that Clarice was never too interested in school spirit. Clarice only wanted to make the cheerleading team to become known in Woodrow Wilson High School. 
                Clarice eventually did make the team. You can thank the three years of gymnastics she took in elementary school. She had new friends by the time football season started. The more she cheered, the less I got to see her. And when I did see her, it was during passing in the school hallways. She was always surrounded by a group of girls with matching red and white cheer uniforms, giggling about the football quarterback, or squealing about a pair of sparkly heels.
                I guess what hurt the most was when she left me. She decided to leave me when I needed her the most, and she knew it. I would never forget the look of guilt that flashed across her face when my father told her dad that my mother died.
                Anyway, she ignored me for a few months after she joined the cheerleading team. But, naturally, the popular and most respected people in our school would do their best to bring down the loners.
                I was one of the loners.
                Before I knew it, Clarice would gather around me with her group of bubble gum popping bitches. They were verbally abuse me, while everyone stood around to watch and laugh. I knew Clarice felt bad for bullying me, because I could see the glint of sorrow in her eyes every time I was called a bitch by one of her friends. But, she had to go along with it, just to keep up her reputation.
               
 
If you guys read my book let's play dare... this story is going to be about Collin Keller (Cassandra's brother) and Danielle La Courte (Cassandra's best friend) :) This doesn't follow the story of Let's play dare... And it has twist and turns that is not in my recent book. Some of it were based on LPD but it doesn't have the same plotting. And there will be different events. Enjoy;)>*<Danielle's POV Collin Keller basically hates me, I don't know when, where, how and why? But he hates me and I've grown to reciprocate his feelings, making me hate him too for no particular reasons. He's my best friend's brother and he's hot, I mean H-O-T, but it doesn't mean I like him... In fact, I could never like him. Collin's POV Danielle La Courte... My enemy... My sisters best friend... My first love...That was the past when I first saw her when she transferred and became my sister'a best friend. She's a bitch though! My love turned to hate when she dated my best friend, Jesse Lennart in sixth grade and everything just turned upside down. I'll never like her again. >*<Note: this story will contain sexual contents. You've been warned****
                
¿Quién dijo que dos personas totalmente opuestas no pueden amarse?
Eric Woods es el chico más deseado de su instituto. Es engreído, egocéntrico, mujeriego e insensible. 
Madison Moon es todo lo contrario. Es trabajadora, humilde, sencilla. Para todos sus compañeros es la típica empollona de clase debido a sus buenas notas, por lo que solo tiene una amiga allí, Lea. 
Ambos son compañeros de clase, aunque Eric nunca se ha fijado en ella. No obstante, sus vidas darán un giro cuando algo inesperado provoque que Eric vea en Madison  algo más que a la friki de clase.
..............................................................................................................................................................................Nota de autora:
   
Esta historia está sacada de mi primera novela, Fan Fic de la Selección. La mayoría de los personajes han sido cambiados y he agregado otros que en el original no existían. Quiero que sepáis que esta historia no es una continuación, sino que es una historia aparte.
   Espero que os guste y que la disfrutéis.
CRUSH 
Ang isa sa dahilan ng aking pagbabago ..Simpleng babae na mahilig mag laro ng Basketball pero di ko aakalain ng dahil sa nagiisang kong Inspirasyon isa na ako sa pinakamagaling mag laro ng basketball MVP kumbaga at tinagurian nading..HOTTEST BASKETBALL WOMEN ..sa Harrison University 
Sa harrison university ko natutunan ang lahat at isa nadin don ang maging magaling sa basketball. 
at dyan ko din nakilala ang naging inspirasyon ko...CRUSH at naging INSPIRASYONpagpinagsama nagiging isa sila sa naging importante ng buhay mo at doon na nagsisumula ang LOVE 
Written by: Gcutie17
All rights reserved. Copyright© 2016
Chapter 1 - "You look lonely."
                   
There's something undeniably comforting about dating your best friend. You know everything about them, you trust them, and it's obvious they care about you. Communication is never an issue and the physical side of the relationship has an exciting edge to it, a sense of being forbidden, yet still feeling natural and easy. 
But then there's the romantic aspect—the need to make a special effort when you didn't before and not become complacent. Gossiping is rife around school with everyone speculating about how long something had been going on for, who made the first move, or why it had taken so long for such an obvious relationship to form. 
When Matt and I got together, after being best friends for seven years, there was a buzz around the school. Everyone loved a piece of gossip, and this was no exception. Some people found it insanely romantic, others debated whether we were together just for convenience.
"Are you sure you don't want anything?" Jess asked me. 
"Positive."
As my best friend headed off to buy herself some dessert, I turned my gaze to Matt's table. He was talking to his friends, laughing about something. Every now and then, his eyes would flicker in my direction but he remained in his seat. If you didn't know we were dating, then you wouldn't automatically assume it. Matt and I spent hardly any time together in school. While disappointing sometimes, I tried not to let it bother me; the time we spent out of school was good enough—great, in fact—and I was determined not to become one of those girls who constantly ditched her friends for a boy.
"You look lonely." Sam, an old friend, took a seat next to me.  
"Jess just went for some dessert," I explained. "What's up?" 
"Nothing's up. I just want your company. Is that so hard to believe?" He shot me a wink. "Seriously though, Smith. Long time, no speak. Did you watch the final?" 
"Of course." 
"Who did you want to win?" 
"Nadal, obviously." 
He snorted. "Djokovic all the way." 
"Are you saying that because he won? Or did you actually support him?"
"I actually supported him!" he exclaimed, pretending to be hurt. "You think so little of me.
            For the next few minutes, Sam and I dissected the game, debating whether skill or stamina was more important for a Wimbledon final. 
            "You and I should have a game someday," Sam then suggested. 
            "I don't think so." 
            I shot him a small smile, not fancying my chances against his tall frame and male strength. 
            "Why not? You used to play all the time. You were brilliant if I remember correctly."
"I'm not so brilliant anymore. I haven't played much recently. My fitness is probably shocking, too." 
"I had high hopes for you to be the next big thing," he said in an earnest tone, even though I could tell he was joking.  
"Well, there's still hope yet," I said dryly.  
As Sam replied, my attention was diverted elsewhere. Seeing that I was occupied, Jess had headed over to her boyfriend, Alex. When he saw her approach, Alex stood up. She'd suddenly become the only thing important to him at that moment and the rest of the diner might as well have not existed. She smiled up at him and he wrapped an arm around her waist, bending to kiss her lips in greeting. To an observer, the pair appeared madly in love. However when questioned on it, Jess was very flippant about her relationship with Alex. She didn't like going into detail and just said they were enjoying themselves.
©Nessa129 2014. All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form without permission from the author.
Started this story in March 2014
Finished this story in January 2015
JANUARY 24, 2015 A/N: IF THERE IS A (e) IN THE CHAPTER TITLE, THAT MEANS THAT I HAVE EDITED IT.
__________
I've heard once that some people come into your life as blessings, others as lessons.
Him? Well I think it's a little bit of both.
There are people who will do anything to tear you down, who will do anything to make you feel useless and dumb, who will do anything to make you feel unwanted.
He isn't one of them. In fact, he's more like the opposite.
He's like the power and strength that makes me better and better each day, and I hope that he will realize that someday.
We all have someone hidden in the bottom of our hearts. When we think of him, we will always feel a little pain inside. I can't forget about him because he is the one who makes me know what love is, and this is our love story.
__________
*there may be tears/laughs while reading this. This is not your typical love story.* 
This story is completed and is now under major editing.
I swear I'm seriously embarrassed by my first few chapters. If you want to judge me on my writing, please read one of the latest chapters so you can see that my writing skills have (hopefully) improved tons. :) But, it's your opinion at the end of the day, so... yeah. :P
Just a few rules:
1) This story is copyrighted. That means to not steal my work.
2) No hate comments about how you dislike this book. Is this a cheesy book? Yeah, so if you don't like those types of books, then you should move on with your life and find another book.
3) Please don't write "Heyyy, check out my story" or something like that. If you want your stories to be noticed, then do it the right way and don't comment on other people's books to gain attention. If you write a comment like that, it will be deleted, simple as that.
Enjoy reading :D (if you decide to continue to read haha)
A/N - A huge thank you to Noelle (hepburnettes) for the BEAUTIFUL cover <3
Updated A/N - Bullet is currently in the running for possibly being noticed and possible publishing over at www.swoonreads/m/bullet. Please head over there and vote/comment/rate, anything to help it get noticed. Thank you all so much! <3
Prologue
If you looked up the term ‘brother’ in the dictionary, you would get something like:
“A male who has the same parents as another or one parent in common with another.”
This definition was the only one that seemed to make sense to me when it came to talking about my brother, Clay. He was born before me, thirteen months to be exact. We shared the same mother and father and had the same blood coursing through our veins. This was how we were rightly related to one another.
If you kept scrolling down the list of definitions, you would also come up with:
“One related to another by common ties or interests.”
Clay and I always had the same love for things like Chinese takeout on Sunday nights and trashy reality television shows. We were both book worms with common interests of pursuing English degrees at NYU and dreaming up futures with book signings and frazzled hair as we tried to reach a deadline. Clay was a morning person who was all smiles and wide eyes at seven in the morning. I was the same, only liking to sleep in a few extra hours.
And we both shared the same love and utter adoration for each other.
But the final definition of the term ‘brother’ that scared me the most was this:
“One of a type similar to another.”
Sure, Clay and I had so many physical features that were similar, what with the auburn locks and bright, baby blue eyes. We shared freckles dusting along the tops of our noses and through our cheekbones, almost dotted in the same exact spots. We dreamed the same futures for ourselves and liked some of the same foods.
He was my older brother, the one who inhabited this Earth before me and the one who was supposed to show me the ropes when I was too young to understand everything. Older brothers were supposed to stick up for you in the school yard against bullies and annoy you to no end when you were home with one another.
But somehow, the roles of our stand points in this family were reversed as we got older and high school became the turning point in both of our lives. My brother was no longer the protector, but the coward. I was no longer the little sister who could hide behind her big brother, but the one who was standing in front of him and protecting him. I wasn’t allowed to run to Clay when I had a problem or an ex boyfriend that needed a stern talking to. He wasn’t the strong one with a sturdy figure or the one who annoyed me to the fullest when we were home alone.
As high school became harder and the bullies became more full of themselves, the times at home were always eerily quiet and almost soul-shuddering, like you knew something was bound to happen that would crack the foundation we all took so long to build. He would sit in his bedroom in the blinding silence and surround himself with his thoughts and nothing more than a simple cough or two came from behind that wooden door for more than a year.
That’s why the final term in the dictionary scared me the most.
Because the moments I had with Clay weren’t always this scary and quiet. I could remember him pulling me on a bright red wagon during one summer when were six and seven. He took me to my first ballet and got me backstage passes for my favorite band the day I turned fifteen. We collapsed onto the living room couch with Chinese takeout on Sunday nights and stuffed our faces until we couldn’t fit anything more into our bodies. He’d tell me about how his latest play was coming along and I would tell him how my current English essay was going.
At one point, we were so close that we decided to take our dreams one step further, attending NYU the year after each one of us graduated. I remembered him talking about how he would test it out for me, making sure he was my tour guide when I finally managed to graduate a year after him. He was in the process of buying dorm room furniture and applying for scholarships to help my parents when it came to the heavy weight of their financial status. But he didn’t even need it, because I knew he was smart enough to get a full ride.
And all of that changed at the shuttering thunder in school that day.
If the term ‘brother’ meant that the person in question was similar to you, then I was fearful of the day I would end up just like Clay had; unnerving, broken and completely insane.
We shared so many common loves and wanted to be the same things when we grew up. Our physical features made it easy for those around us to tell that were related, the freckles and bright eyes always true telling features. Because of these similar traits and uncanny features, did that mean that I was going to end up like him one day? Would I turn against everyone around me and crack underneath the deep pressure that I couldn’t bear to tell anyone?
It’s all I can think about as I’m sitting here on the docks, my feet skimming just above the waterline and shivering lightly from the icy, small waves. I can’t help but think, will I have the same fate as Clay? Will I become a massive form of self-destruction and a raging monster to those I loved the most?
As my eyes drift across the expanse of water, fifty five and a half miles away from the civilization I was currently drowning in, I see the county prison. Bordered by high brick walls and dark, caramel rusted barbed wire, it was scary enough to make me quiver against the wet wood of the dock. The sun was setting behind it, still not making the dark clouds that were permanently set above it part ways for a moment. No matter how beautiful the surrounding area was, how much they cleaned up the outside or how the florescent lights from inside the jail shined through the windows and bounced off the waves…it would always be a place of utter fear.
I’d always hate to look at that place across the water because of who now inhabited it. He had gotten what he wanted, an escape from his old life and a way out of the misery the people he cherished the most surrounded him in. He was no longer being pushed into lockers and beaten up outside of school for the life choices he decided to make. He had no contact with the world outside of that rusted, worn down building that housed the worst of the population in Riverton.
Before they booked him and gave him the satisfaction that he wanted, I remembered him saying, “Now I get to escape this mental prison, Callie.”
The irony of his words was now hitting home. He had escaped the mental prison he had been buried under. He was no longer subjected to the things that depressed him, angered him and made him hate himself for who he was.
But now Clay was in a physical prison, one he had thrown himself into.
And the only thing I had left to ask him was, ‘Was the escape from the mental prison worth this?’
A/N:
Big thanks to AshRaine0126 for the amazing cover!
Entering the usual silent house, I kick my shoes off onto the carpet before jumping on the sofa and closing my eyes.
Setting my phone and keys onto the coffee table, I rub my forehead with my bare hands. Three assessments have seriously given me a headache.
Riiing! Riiing! Riiing!
The word 'MUM' shows up on the screen as I grab my Iphone.
"Yes mum, I'm home," I answer, absentmindedly.
How did I know she was going to ask that? Well let's just say that everyday after school she'll phone up and ask the same question.
Since she's always at work she hardly has the time to welcome me home after school, like other mothers.
But I'm still happy at the fact that she never misses to call me even if she's busy. She works as a doctor whereas my father works as a lawyer.
They both return home quite late in the night, about twelvish when I'm in bed so I don't see them till school the next morning.
They are also out every day except for a few hours on Sunday. And on that day we spend some family time together.
We are just like one happy family, no problems, no issues.
And since I'm an only child I do get most of the attention and love, lucky me. But I sometimes do wish that I had a sister or brother. But that is, as you know, all up to my parents.
You get me...
"Okay, just wanted to ask, love you bye," I end the call and toss my phone to the side.
What to eat? What to eat?
Noodles!
Don't judge me but I love noodles.
Noodles and cupcakes mean everything to me.
When there is cupcakes there is happiness.
If I see a cupcake I will never miss the chance to eat it. I just love the icing. And let me admit that I do get a little hyper after eating many cupcakes.
I pour the boiling water in the bowl of noodles then add the chilli powder. After draining the water out I take a seat on the couch and start to eat.
When I am about to take a forkful of noodles the doorbell rings. I roll my eyes. Don't you just hate it when people disturb you while eating.
I huff in annoyance and place the plate back onto the coffee table. Dragging my feet to the door, I swing it open.
In front of me stands a very cheery looking Melissa. 
"Hey chica," she greets pulling me into a bear hug.
"Hey lesbo, you disturbed my eating," I smile.
"I just came to give you your work that you left in class," She laughs as she hands me my homework and my book from a plastic bag.
"Come in," I lead her into the living room and sit down.
"Noodles!" She shrieks.
"Help yourself," I laugh.
Melissa is like family to us. I've known her since the age of four and she's like a sister. Whenever she comes she treats the house like her second home.
She makes her way into the kitchen while I carry on eating. I flick through the channels until it lands on Frozen.
The song 'Let It Go' appears and I sing along along with it, or shall I say scream along with it.
"Let it go!
Let it go!
Can't hold it back anymore!"
Soon enough Melissa returns and we scream at the top of our voices. 
After the song finishes we start to laugh.
"We should so go on X factor," She laughs.
"Yeah, we should, we would sooooo come first," I reply in laughter.
I smile widely.
Melissa and I love action films. Especially Fast and Furious. We've seen all six films but we never get bored of watching them.
I place the DVD in the player and heat up some popcorn. 
Ding!
Taking out the popcorn I bring it into the living room and jump next to Melissa on the couch.
"Paul Walker!" We both coo as he comes on screen.
~*~*~*~*~
"Bye!" The movie ended ten minutes ago and Melissa is all ready to leave.
I close the door and start to pick up the popcorn that had fallen on the floor. Looking at the time I realise that it's 10:00.
"Better be going sleep," I mutter to myself, after placing the popcorn bowl in the sink.
After turning the lights off I make sure all the windows and doors are locked then head upstairs.
I then change into my pyjamas and jump onto my bed. Placing my phone on the bedside table I close my eyes.
Authors Note:-
Hey guys!
This is just the start so please read on? Please vote and comment if you like it, thanks x
Also, I am starting to look for cast members so if you have any celebs/actors/youtubers in mind then please message me! 
Thank you byebye x
I was awoken that early morning by the loud noise that came from downstairs. It was dark, I couldn't see a thing with the ocean blue circles that gave me vision. My footsteps were quiet as I placed one foot after the other on the ice cold wooden floor as my little six year old body began to shiver in the wooly pink pj's that covered my skin. 
I heard them. I heard them bickering again about pointless things, it was a constant battle over power and dominancy. My mothers voice grew loud in volume and my fathers fist banged on the kitchen table, I heard the fruit bowl that my mother decorated with artificial fruits crash, shattering into splinted glass pieces and my eyelids shut itself tightly when the sound had caught my hearing, hiding my blue stained iris's beneath. 
"Hey Paisley, what are you doing up it's 3am." I heard a familiar voice call out from beside me as I shifted my head to see him standing there, his tired green eyes searched my face as I stood at the top of the staircase. My brother strolled towards me as he placed his warm arms around me holding me tightly to stop me from shivering. I felt his cheek rest gently on the top of my head as he held me. 
"I'm scared Orin" I paused. "Why do they yell at each other all the time, it scares me" My voice trembled as the words left my sanguine lips. 
"All people who love each other yell from time to time." said my nine year old brother as his green's stared off into the distance, still gripping me between his arms.
"Can you make it stop." 
"I can't, but I can tell you the story of a princess and a huge fire breathing dragon." 
The corners of my mouth turned up slowly at his words. I relished in Orin's stories about princesses, it was my favorite. 
I could still hear them bellowing but my heart filled with excitement to hear the story my brother would tell. I left his arms and sprinted to his bedroom, my long brown hair swayed at my motion. His bedroom light was on and his car shaped bed was red. I hopped into his bed and climbed under the covers as I laid there comfortably, waiting for him to enter and settle down onto his bed so he could unwrap the story I was dying to hear. 
Orin entered his room and sat down in front of me, his grassy green's met my ocean blue's and joy filled his eyes as he saw the excitement in mine. 
"Go on then" I said waiting for him to vocalize the magical world that he had created for me. 
"Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess named Paisley." I perked up knowing the princess and I had shared a name and I couldn't help but reveal my pearly whites. "she lived in a land made of chocolate, everything was pure sweet tasting chocolate, her house, the roads and even the river was a flowing chocolate river." He continued. 
"I can't , I'm leaving Peter!" The story got interrupted as we heard moms voice thunder as she stomped her feet up the staircase. I hopped out of Orin's bed and rushed over to find mom, to see if she was okay. 
I pushed open her bedroom door with my fingertips to find her packing her things into a suitcase. I watched her from the doorframe as she did so.
"Mom, where are you going to, are you going on a trip?" My eyes lit up at the thought of joining mom on a trip and suddenly the excitement I felt earlier was now intensified. 
"Yes Honey, mommy's going on a trip, but I'm going alone. I will be back soon to fetch you and your brother, okay?" 
"Okay mommy, I love you." I whispered and then ran up to her and wrapped my dainty arms around her leg. 
"I love you too Honey" She spoke those words and it was the last words she had said to me. She packed up the rest of her things and bolted downstairs clutching her suitcase in her hand, her hair was a mess and her once perfect make-up was now an utter disaster.
"Anita, why are you doing this, we have children together!" I heard dad's voice squall at her as I watched them helplessly from the top of the staircase. 
"I can't live with you anymore Peter, I don't love you." She said lamentably and noticed me standing there with her green eyes glossy as she watched me. 
She turned the doorknob and before I knew it, she had disappeared into the cold, windy and dark unknown. Without a kiss or a proper goodbye. 
She never looked back.
Alika fasya . 
Merupakan murid baru di SMA MERDEKA kelas 11 yang terkenal banget olahraga nya dan prestasi prestasi murid murid nya . 
Alika adalah anak terakhir,yang mempunyai tiga kakak cowok yang bernama Aditya yang sekolah juga di sma merdeka kelas 12, Alex dan Aldi yang kuliah di oxford 
Dan Dika saputra adalah cowok yang paling cool ,tampan,dan pintar di sma baru gue . orangnya baik,ramah kadang kadang dingin. Dan kadang-kadang juga badboy 
Alika dan dika disatukan karna permainan konyol teman temannya . awalnya mereka berdua menjalani permainan itu dengan ogah ogahan. Lama kelamaan salah satu diantara mereka ada yang memendam rasa.
Disaat hubungan mereka lagi baik baik nya, banyak halangan dan masalah yang mereka alami . dan mereka harus menerima kenyataan bahwa orang tua alika menjodohkan putri nya dengan teman orang tua nya . 
Gimanakah kisah selanjutnya? 
*****Sorry baru proloog doang yahhh, soalnya udah malem ni wkwk
"Two different people coming together and figuring out that they are not that different is the best kind of love."
All rights reserved. Copyright © 2014. wweirdchildd
5:45 pm

Finally out of the endless snow and cold, I happily inhaled the old cabin smell that warmed my insides. It smelled like wood, cinnamon, and vanilla. There were other people in the house and I looked towards the small kitchen to see a women rounding the corner. She noticed my family and I, a bright smile spreading on her delicately wrinkled face as she opened her arms. My mother hugged her first and then the lady grabbed me into a hug.
"I haven't seen you since you were... What? Eight maybe." She squeezed me before letting me go and then moved on to my little sister. "Dave, Travis! They're here!"
A rumble of loud footsteps echoed from upstairs and I looked to the staircase to see an older man and a boy that looked my age running down them. I was caught off guard when I noticed how cute the boy was. He had messy brown hair and eyes that looked the same in a way, a shirt and sweatpants over him. I greeted them both and then my sister and I were excused to bring our luggage to our rooms. My sister didn't hesitate, but I couldn't help but stare at the handsome boy standing casually next to his dad.
When my sister and I ran back downstairs, everyone was around the dining room table. We both took our seats and Delilah, the women who was friends with my mother, stared placing plates and bowls of food on the table. Everyone dug in like they hadn't eaten in years and I followed in a less savage-like manner. I kept stealing glances over at Travis and he seemed to be doing the same thing, causing me to awkwardly avert my eyes every time we made eye contact.
"Do you two remember each other at all?" Delilah asked, waving her fork between Travis and I.
I looked over at him, quickly searching my brain for any memory of the guy in front of me. "Vaguely." I shrugged and continued to eat. I was only being nice, or polite, because I really didn't remember him.
you've heared of the saying "every one has skeletons in their closet" right?
Gem and Chloe are twins they do every thing together
they have been best friends their whole life.
nothing can separate thoes two.
heree's the thing though
Gem is more of an open spirit and out going girl
she like to have fun
hang out with friends
allway loud, full of life and does anything to defend her twin sister
Chloe is the same you could say
just not as out going as Gem
she is more of the 'nerdy' type you can say.
she gets all A's, Gem is more of an B's and C's type
they look exactly the same
to others but not to each other.
they are just 16 year old teen agers
living the teen age life
both wild and crayzy....at times
but on thing they both hate are THUGS!
they don't understand whats the point of living the easy life
they were raised that you need to earn your money.
what happens when Chloe the sweet and innocent one gets caught up in the boyfriends stuff.
and gets in touch with an old friend De'Andre the drug sellor
gets in a relation ship with him
will she take the ride on the wild side?
or stay the sweet one.?
how will it affect her and Gems friendship?
will it be ment to be?
but little does Chloe know De'Andre has a secret be hind him that no one know exept for him
Not onyx that but the twins go through stuff they never expected.
Tears fall
Voice rises 
Laughter in the air
Separation comes to show 
Secrets are revealed
lies are told
Is it all to much for Chloe and De'Andre to keep their relationship strong?
it all goes down in The thug i love.....
For all you beauty lovers out there—this is for you. 

Please remember this story is copyrighted which includes all chapters, characters and associated content. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author, Lindsey Summers.
© 2016 Lindsey Summers. All Rights Reserved. 
I would like to say that this book involves some triggering content.
The girl in the banner is Harley Smith (Alex Dorame)****************************************I woke up this morning in a strangely good mood. Today I had training , aswell as tomorrow, the next day and the next. I had training pretty much everyday of the week .However today is particularly good as I have my first gymnastics training in a proper gym in a few months. I hadn't been in a few months due to bring suspended for 'self defense.' I may of thrown the first punch but she was 'verbally abusing' me,ok, maybe not I just dont like her. Anyway, today I have my fight.I've been training for this every chance I got since I found out. Following in my brothers footsteps . life has gotten harder since he left
I look up to see my best friend , Ash(AKA Ashley), standing by my bedroom door waiting for me. I was so tired that she started to look like my idol ,Tyler Joseph (|-/).a few seconds later Ash broke my gaze by shouting "Come on Harley, get up and get dressed so we can get to school!"If you're wondering how she got in she knows where the spare key is that my dad puts under the plant pot just incase he's too drunk to remember his key when he goes out.
"Leave, I wanna walk today, Ash" I muffle into my pillows.
"Ok, hurry up then or you're gonna be late"
"STOP MOTHERING ME!get out of my room so I can get dressed then" I scream at her.
If there is anything I hate it's people mothering me. Especially when I could knock them out with one swift punch. Quickly, she walks out of the room knowing whats best for her.
I get changed into my twenty øne piløts shirt and some black ripped skinnies. My make up consisted of purple eyeshadow, deep red lipstick ,thick mascara and black winged eyeliner.
8:30am 
SHIT! Wait what do i care anyway?
I'm really starting to regret not taking the lift now.
I walked to school only to be greeted by the bell. Oh well I'll just bunk my lesson and pretend I'm sick, it's not like I haven't done it before. I was meant to be showing this new kid around today. I was only dragged into this because they said if I don't I'll fail one of my classes. I didn't really care if I passed or not I was just in a good mood that day. Anyway, I think his name was Alex, I don't know and don't care, they'll have to get someone else to do it so doesn't effect me. So instead of going to whatever lesson in meant to be having I went to the little rundown park behind the school.
Many drug dealers hang out here, which is good as right now I need a really long drag. Suddenly I look over my shoulder and see a girl about my age (17), long blonde hair, large hazel eyes, tanned skin, plump red lips AND she was wearing a pink dress pretty much the polar opposite of me.
I have greeny-blue eyes, long blue hair that use to be auburn ,pale, bruised skin and plup red lips, which is the only thing we have in common.
Either side of her are what look to be her parents, just as perfect as she is.this makes me start to cry. My family use to be like that, perfect. Until I was about 6, when my brother left.
After that my parents started to blame me to the point where I started to blame myself aswell. After a year it started to get worse where a punch or kick would sometimes to be thrown. However, it escalated quickly now every move I take in beaten till my skin turns black and blue. 3 years after my brother left it got to much for her and she left, a week later my mums body was found in in the cannal behind my house.things just got so much worse after that. My dad had been on a buisness trip for a few weeks so I've been free but he is due to come back in 4 days. For short hell starts in 4 days.
I look to the other side of me and see Tom one of the many drug dealers. This may not be the bad part of town but we still have out fair share of dealers on this side. Desperately in need of a release I grab his joint and take a much needed drag. Did I mention Tom is one of my best friends? Well he is. After I grab his joint from him he knows somethings up so he lifts my chin so I can't avoid his eyes, and i look straight into them.
"Hey, Har what's wrong?"
"Fuck off Tom!"
He may be strong but I am stronger and won't hesitate to hit him. He walks off fully knowing what I'm capable off. All of a sudden I hear scrunchimg of leaves. Instantly I look up. However my vision is still blurry, because I'm still crying.
I can't seem to recognise him. 
Who is he?
I stared at his bright green eyes, scared of what would happen if I look away. He had my eyes held captive to his while his hand gently gripped my chin holding it in place. To say I was frightened was the biggest understatement of the year. 
"What do you want?" I whispered in a low voice. I have only been Roommates with this guy for 1 week and he already has me astonished by what he can do. 
"What do I want?" He chuckled, a deep chuckle that could have any girl falling to her knees. "I want you."
I stayed quiet averting my eyes to the ground. "And don't think your shyness will convince me other wise because it won't. I will keep coming after you Hanley, that is until I have you in my arms."
•••••
Hanley Cooper. One of the most under rated people at College. Nobody pays any attention to her. Maybe it's because she doesn't make an effort to talk or maybe because people don't take an effort to talk to her. During her 2nd year of college the administration has ordered her to switch dorms. 
Even though there was a strict Girls don't dorm with Boys policy there was always an exception when needed. So when Hanley ends up having to dorm with the most widely known heartbreaker at college she knows she's in for a thrill of her life time. 
Parker Edwin. He loves breaking girls hearts and honestly thinks it's a hobby of his. That is until he meets Hanley who is one step away from being his first crush since freshman year in high school. Parker is now stuck with feelings that he doesn't want and to make matters worse Hanley wants nothing to do with Parker and rather study with Jacob Hunts who also suddenly shows an interest in her.
Will being Roomies with Parker be a pain or is it just the thrill that Hanley is looking for to bring her out of her shell?
A/N: First chap is more of an intro. I promise it will get more interesting later!
I groaned as I began to slowly wake up, a headache beginning to form as I escaped from the comforts of unconsciousness. 
"Fuck" 
I turned my head to see who swore. My best friend, Ashton, was sitting up and looking at her phone. To say she looked like a hot mess would be an understatement. Her makeup was smeared and not in the 'I had a hot make out session' type, but more of a 'A three year old put my makeup on blindfolded' brand of look.
"What's wrong?" I croaked out. Flinching when my head began to pound.
Ashton turned to me, a scowl on her face as she pushed her raven-black hair away from her eyes. "I slept through my job interview".
I closed my eyes and hummed in understanding. "I told you that we shouldn't have gone out when you still had that interview today".
"Yeah, yeah. Whatever mum." Ashton said as she flopped back onto the bed.
We were currently back at our apartment we've been sharing since we graduated University together. Both Ashton and I met our second year at University in a chemistry class, bonding over how shitty of a teacher our professor was. And since then we've stuck to one another. 
Now we live together in a small apartment on the outskirts of New York. It's nothing impressive but it works for us. She is busy pursuing various acting jobs as I'm working as a vet tech for a lovely married couple who are veterinarians at a local clinic. 
And regarding our current states of hungoverness, we had gone clubbing last night and had drunk a tad too much. By a tad, I mean a shit ton. As soon as we entered the club, Ashton flirted with the bartender and got us a bottle of vodka from the counter. And from there we just started chugging.
I grimaced at the consequences that occurred later that night/ this morning. 
I sighed.
Aren't we a couple of dumb fucks.
I sat up on the bed and leaned against the headboard. Observing how I was only wearing my bra and panties. My dress was crumpled lifelessly next to the bed along with Ashton's top and short skirt.
I glanced back at Ashton who looked half dead next to me.
"You are a terrible influence."
"Urg. Don't pretend you didn't have fun" Ashton groaned back, "But Jesus Christ the hangovers are the absolute worst."
"I can tell you something even worse" 
"What could possible by worse than being hungover?" Ashton replied, opening one eye to look at me. Her face mushed against her pillow, and her lips awkwardly jutting out.
"I mean.  You look like a decaying fish right now. So that's pretty bad" I managed a cheeky smile as I looked back at her.
"Olive."
"Yes my dearest?"
"You are an absolute bitch."
"Takes one to know one," I grinned as I slowly got out of the bed. 
Ashton groaned in response. I chuckled but immediately regretted it as the pounding in my head increased. I shuffled my way out of the bedroom, not bothering to put on clothes as Ashton and I were the only ones who lived in the apartment. I went to our small kitchen and filled a couple of glasses with water before grabbing some painkillers and returning to the bedroom.
"Get out of my way nerd!" Britney yelled.
"Oh, sorry Britney" I apologised kinda annoyed, sometimes that Britney makes my blood boil so much. 
Yep that's me the schools biggest nerd but with the biggest secret ever, I am a Victoria Secret Model and the worlds best known model other than Alessandra Ambrosio and Adriana Lima. 
I am 18 years old and in my last year of high school I'm so excited to graduate, yep you guessed it Britney is the Queen Bee of the school and Zach Gray is the bad boy of the school and the player so yeah there's the mains. 
My Mum is someone you would know, Yolanda Hadid she's on a t.v show called: Housewives of Beverly Hills, I have one sister Bella Hadid and lots of step siblings so yeah that's my family. I'm not tryna sound mean but some people mistake her as the older one, which she kinda looks like. 
*FLASHBACK*
"Mummy I wannna set thz table with you!" 2 year old me said.
"No I want to do it!" shouted Bella.
"Gigi, Bella quiet down we can all do it ok?" my Mum tried to reason us. 
"Ok" Bella and me said.
5 MINUTES LATER:
"Hi I'm Lucy Wills and I'm scouting for baby models for Baby Guess I was wondering if you were Yolanda Hadid?" Lucy said.
"Oh yes so you've heard of me" my Mum said.
"I was wondering if your daughter could model for Baby Guess" Lucy said.
"Who would you like, this is Bella and this is Gigi my daughters" my Mum said pointing to Bella and me.
"Gigi" Lucy said pointing to me.
"She's only 2 remember" my Mum stated.
"Yep that's who I want beautiful Gigi!" Lucy said "Call me if you want this to happen".
*END OF FLASHBACK*
I agreed to my manger that I would go undercover as Macy Kingsley the nerd and I could tell everyone at graduation. At least I have two best friends named Rosey and Lena, but they don't know that I am Gigi Hadid. They love Victoria's Secret, I feel so guilty that I can't tell them my secret to my best friends. 
I am living a double life and this is my story...
----------
Thank you for reading! 😇
@emilieeexox
A gentle hush cloaked the land.
The faint bells of Christmas could be heard in the distance.
Warm lights from every house lit up the small town, as the pale moon hung alone in the sky. A young man, around the age of twenty-three, walked the lonely path to his destination—his sister’s hand snug in his.
That was when the first flakes of snow began to fall.
Ever so gently.
 
The man and the young lady were quite well-dressed, shielding their warm hearts against the cold—
They have come to find their home.
Five years it had been—
For what could it mean?
It was a cold Christmas night—
The kind of night where magical things happen.
The kind of night where Angels came to warm the hearts of the cold.
But the man decided that it was time he came to his angel.
And so, the young man named Xander and his sister arrived at the front steps of a warmly-lit shop house.
His gloved hand closed in on the handle of the door, and the bells above jingled—
—And he stepped into the bakery named Baked Love. 
 
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
A/N: There's a reason why the prologue is named Baked Love. 
Baked Love is the Past of Xander and Chip—
But also the Future. 
This is where the past and future meet—to form the present. 
And Love is just that. The past, the present, and the future—all at the same time. 
"In the end I let go of someone who wants me for someone who doesn't" 





Staunch





Devotion





Faithfulness





Commitment





All these have the same definition, It means to be loyal to someone. It's a very simple thing to say but a very hard thing to do. Why is that? 





What comes to your mind whenever someone asks you. 





"Mahal mo o Mahal ako?"





It's a commonly asked question but only few can answer it. 





There's no such thing as a 'correct' answer whenever that question is asked, for it depends on which path you choose to take. It depends whether you choose to listen to your brain or to follow what your heart desires. 




So sino nga ba? Mahal mo o mahal ako?





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, some places, and incidents are products of the author's imagination and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, places, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.





Dedicated to my bro, Thanks for all the support and thanks for advertising this story :3 It's a really big help and much appreciated by me :D
Please don't notice me. Please don't notice me. Please. Don't. Notice. Me. I kept my head down as I sped to home room. My heart pounded every time I thought I heard his voice and made me quicken my pace. I head into class and silently curse my luck as I see everyone's already here. Please god don't let them see it...
         Carver isn't a guy you want to mess with- he's a ruthless gang leader!
Dakota is a shy, quiet, well mannered girl who dreams of love. on Christmas Eve she's walking home when she's pulled into an alley way and raped by the notirious gang leader Carver but his identity is unknown to her.
three months later she finds out she's pregnant and she's not the only one who knows this- Carver tells his men to fetch her and bring her to the gang house and that's exactly what happens she's kidnapped and when she wakes up she finds herself in a room full of girls.
Dakota is forced to play Carver's twisted and cruel game at stake is her and her unborn baby's life, she's fighting for the chance of producing Carver's first heir.... only one can survive in the end and give birth to his fisrt child.
Dakota will have to fight but what happens if she wins what then? she doesn't know but Carver does, What's the point in fighting anyways she should just give up does she really want to live with a monster her entire life?
this is a new story the prolouge should be up soon please give me feed back and tell me what you think
thanks Rachel
This is my first bad boy story so please no hate.
Please read my other books. They are called THE NERD'S A BULLY and The. Cuddling Cure, by RainDropFairy. Sucky titles but I promise you they are good. 
I will update once I get 15 reads. Yea pretty low standards but I just posted so I wouldn't expect too much, haha. 
I will try to update every weekend so just wait. Maybe I might even do a double update. 
Do you think I can get 5k reads in three months? That's around Christmas of 2014.
Also, if you love bad boy books I suggest you listen to the song Good Girls Bad Guys by Falling In Reverse(one of my favorite songs by them) 
Lila to the side>>>>Ã¢€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Ã¢Â€Â¢Chapter 1: My Carrot
I looked at the color coded binders in my locker. Red for math which is my first class. Orange for social which is my second class. Yellow for science which is my next class and so on. It basically follows the color of the rainbow. Sometimes I think I am OCD. 
I grabbed the red binder and placed it on my left arm that was very pale. I absolutely hate my arms. Most girls worry about their makeup and hair but not me. My arms just too fat.
I dragged my finger across my chin trying to figure out where I put my bobby pin. I was pretty sure I left it in my pony tail pouch if I'm correct. See, I need my things so organized that I actually have a pony tail pouch. 
I traced my lips with my finger. Darn it! I need chapstick. My lips feel like the crackle nail polish. 
After finding my bobby pin I was now on the hunt for my chapstick. I'm pretty sure I left it at the top of my locker. 
"Looking for this?" Bridget laughed from behind me while holding my chapstick.
Bridget is my best friend. She has bright blonde hair and the prettiest grey eyes. Her hair is always on point even if I have to tell her that there is a clump of toothpaste in it. She has one dimple on her left cheek. She is pale like me. She could pull off as a new fairy tale princess. 
I'm not nearly as pretty as Bridget. My chocolate brown hair falls to my shoulders. My eyes are a dark brown. I'm usually drowned in life guard hoodies. Sometimes I will wear jeans but I'm more of a leggings girl. 
"Thank you so much. Where did you find it?"
"The chapstick? Oh.,.ya know...I didn't break into your locker and mess up your stuff so you can get over your OCD." 
"Sure you didn't." I rolled my eyes as I grabbed the tube from her hand. I applied it to my lips while I watched Bridget dig through my locker.
"Can you please help me reorganize my locker during lunch?" I asked.
"I can't. Chris and I are going out for lunch. Sorry Lila."
Chris was her boyfriend for a year now. He's the star quarter back of the football team and is one of the most popular guys in school. I was never a big fan of him. I used to think of him as the hump and dump kind of person. 
Now I don't know what to feel about them being together.
"Oh ok. I guess I'll just do it by myself." 
I smiled at her. I closed my locker and placed the chapstick in my purse.We walked down the math wing which was very long. Room 214 was on the right side. It was at the end of the narrow hallway. 
Here I stand in front of my new school, gosh I now hate moving. If you're still young, in school, and your moving house - You would understand. It's because there will be, new people, teachers, places to go, shops and friends.
I sigh as I just realised I have to make friends. There's no way I'm not making friends, not that it's a bad thing or anything. 
As I walk to the main entrance I see the 'cliché' groups. The populars, nerds, loners and goths/emo's. I see a group of girls laughing at me, and giving me one of those 'judging looks.' I just roll my eyes, how pathetic are they? I keep walking towards the school, not giving a crap if people are looking at me.
When I get to reception, I see a lady around her 30's signing some papers. "Hey, i'm Hazel Brook, and i'm new here. So can I have my schedule.' I say walking over and leaning over the desk. 
"Oh god, you're going to be trouble." I hear her say under her breath.
"Excuse me?" I say, giving her an intimidating look.
"O-hh nothing, here is your schedule." She stutters as she hands me my schedule. I can tell she's intimidated by me. Haha Good.
I walk into a hallway, trying to find my class which was English. I finally find it but can't even get in. Some dumb ass guy is having a conversation, right in front of the classroom door. 
"Hello? Can you move please?" I say annoyed. Honestly, why does he have to be right in front of the door?
I don't think he heard me, as his back is towards me, and he hasn't moved yet. "Excuse me." I say again getting impatient. Still he hasn't moved, and is still talking to his mates. 
Right i'm fed up.
"OH MY GOD JUST MOVE OR I'LL MAKE YOU MOVE." I say pissed off. I must of said it really loud, because everyone in the hallway and the classroom is looking at me. Also the douche bag isn't talking anymore and has turned around. Oh, this douche is fit...really fit. He had dark brown hair, really nice grey eyes, and his...mouth is just so... kissable. I could just kiss him right then and- what am I thinking? I don't want to kiss him. 
"Aw is the new girl getting angry?" He says smirking.
"Ha ha fuck off." I say getting pissed off. I'm guessing I shouldn't of said it, because everyone gasps in shock, and his face turns into a hard cold glare.
"Don't fucking speak to me like that bitch!" He says coldly as he walks off with his mates, not before bumping into my shoulder. The twat had the nerve to call me bitch? Oh don't worry, I'll just piss him off even more.
***********************

Well, it looks like I'm done for the day.
Soft, thin lips curved into a smile, Lisa pushed the rim of her glasses up on the bridge of her nose and put her hands up to stretch her straining back. It had been hours for sure. Hours of furiously pounding on her keyboard and squeezing every information out of her brain to produce the 10,000 word essay her History teacher required. It wasn't due until next month and wasn't really worth a huge chunk of her grade, but what could she possibly do? She just likes to get ahead of everything. Well, that, and she ran out of things to do. Every paper, lab reports, homeworks, essays had been finished a week before deadline.
Yep, she got her shit together.
Gathering her things, she turned their library computer off and waited for it to shut down. She glanced around the area for a while and caught a glimpse of a framed photo on the wall.
It's their school's cheerleading team last school year when they won the Nationals.
April 16, 2015
Then, her eyes focused on a certain person on the photo.
Jaimee Reed.
The girl is a dancing legend. She made it in the Cheerleading team on her freshmen year and made their school win its first National Championship. The next year, she became the captain of the cheerleading team and they had never lost ever since. And this year, on her senior year, she was determined to keep her reign over the world of cheerdancing.
Jaimee is the typical tall blonde, blue eyes and sex-on-legs type of beauty. She is the Queen bee.
And she's also very, very, very arrogant.
But the girl had the looks, the money, the brains, the guy... Everything.
In the end, Lisa couldn't care less about Jaimee. She never bothered her.
Finally, the computer finished shutting down and she lifted her butt from the chair. Slinging her bag on her shoulder, she got out of their school's library.
What time is it anyways?
She glanced at her wristwatch and silently cursed when she saw the time.
7:00 pm.
My mother's gonna kill me.
She readjusted her glasses again and walked faster to make it home fast. As she was passing by a classroom on the hallway, she heard something and stopped her gait.
A sniffle. Or a muffled sob.
Her heart raced raced.
Should she check it out?
She could think of a thousand reasons why she shouldn't go inside, but she couldn't will her feet to walk away.
Finally sighing, she gave in and walked towards the door, resting her hand on the door knob. With a twist, she slowly pushed the door open.
It was dark inside.
Ghosts and other creepy stuff were the first things that came into her mind.
She listened for a while but heard nothing but the sound of the distant passing cars. But as she was about to turn around, she heard it. Loud and clear.
A tiny whimper.
She entered the room, the door softly closing behind her. She didn't hear the tiny click of the knob locking. She was unaware that the locking of that exact door would change her life forever.
Please do not advertise your own stories in the comments, please do not be rude in the comments, they will all be deleted. Everything in this story is mine, if it is like any other story on here it is purely coincidental. Everything except all pictures or videos posted on the chapters are mine. If you would ever like to make me a cover, please just private message once it is done and I will give you my email so I can receive it. 
Dedicated to dane_briers for their help with coming up with the cast of this story! Thank you so much! 
PLEASE keep in mind while reading that this story is 100 percent fiction. The only thing that is real in this story is the university, everything else comes from my imagination and is there because that is how I wanted it. I'm sorry if that doesn't meet your standards and if it doesn't please find a story that does. I will not tolerate hateful comments, they are not appreciated and will be deleted. 
****
My Quarterback  - Prologue  
Ellie Nichols    
I was sat on the couch in my counselor's office as I watched the football game that was playing on the television. I smiled widely as Colton Davis caught the snap and proceeded to throw it down the field and into the awaiting arms of Nick Harris, the receiver, for a fifty-two yard touchdown pass. They had just won the game.     
I have never missed one of Colton's games. I was always cheering him on from the sidelines, all throughout middle school and high school, usually sporting his jersey which he always let me wear. We were the best friends who never seemed to want to be apart. And Nick Harris always seemed to be the third wheel but he didn't seem to mind.     
"You're torturing yourself Ellie." My counselor, Miss Stewart, told me as she entered her office and turned off the television. Miss Stewart placed a large envelope onto the table and folded her hands before placing them on top of it.     
"I'm just cheering for my . . . friend." I told her, turning in the chair so I could face her. It was written clearly on her face that she didn't believe me, but I knew she wouldn't.     
"You should just give him a call Ellie, I'm sure he would love to hear from you." She told me. Miss Stewart had taken me under her wing as soon as I came to this school. She was a sweet older lady and reminded me a lot of my grandma who had passed away just a few years ago. They had the same twinkle in their eyes when they tried to meddle in your life and they had the same personality. They were both happier older ladies who never seemed to be in a bad mood and they both liked helping others. And I was glad that I had met her that first day I walked into campus, I had no idea where I was going or what I was doing and she helped me out, and from that day on she became like my second grandmother.
"If he wanted to hear from me that bad, he wouldn't have stopped calling me two years ago." I retorted, slumping back into the chair and crossing my arms over my chest. My eyes flickered to the television behind me where their team was now on defense. "If he still wanted to be friends, we would be friends."     
"Fine." She gave up on that topic, smiling now she said "I have a surprise for you." Her eyes carried that familiar twinkle and I didn't know whether to be happy or nervous as to what she did this time. Last time she told me she had a surprise for me she had set me up on a date with her grandson, a handsome fellow who had a love for photography and was always taking pictures. It was cute at first, his love for this passion of his, but when every conversation revolves around the latest picture he took it would get annoying. He didn't bother getting to know me at all, so I kindly declined his next attempt at a date and told him it wasn't working for me. And I never accepted another blind date from Miss Stewart again.
"What is it?" I asked her skeptically.
My eyes narrowed as I watched her moved around the room. She fiddled through the papers sat on her desk, looking for something. When she found it a big smile took over her face and she slid the envelope towards me. "Just open it Ellie." She ordered with a smile. "I promise it's a good surprise."
I gave her one last look before opening the envelope. When it was opened I hesistantly pulled out the contents from inside and let my jaw drop. I quickly read through the first part of the letter and then looked up towards Miss Stewart. "How is this possible?" I asked her, "I never applied to UCF."    
"Ellie, you deserve something much better than this school. You can do so much better than here. I know how much you want to be an athletic trainer, so I pulled a few strings and sent in your application and at the start of the semester you'll officially be a student of the University of Central Florida."     
"You did this for me?" I asked her in a quiet voice, my eyes flickering over to her and then back to the contents of the letter. Even though the letter was sitting right in front of my on the table I still couldn't believe this was happening. I had prayed that I would get out of here, to a better school, somewhere I could finally be what I wanted to be, and it was actually happening. 
"I know how much this means to you, and I happen to be good friends with the man in charge of the athletic program. He's gotten you a spot to work with one of the sports teams there as a personal athletic trainer. Trust me it's the chance of a lifetime." She said to me with a smile. "As soon as you get there you'll have a chance to pick what sports team and you better choose the football team, or so help me Ellie I will come up there and tell that Colton boy how much you like him."    
"I don't know what to say." I told her, a blush taking over my cheeks.
"Tell me you'll take the opportunity."    
I was going to do it. I was finally going to go to a real university. I was going to become the athletic trainer I had always wanted to become. I was going to leave home and go away for the next two years. "I'll do it." I tell her, standing up and giving her a hug which she returned. "Thank you so much, Miss Stewart. I'll really miss you."     
"I'll miss you too darling." She told me.  
I was going to be a student at the University of Central Florida. I was going to be working with a sports team as an athletic trainer. I was going to be in the same campus as Colton Davis, and that alone had me nervous. Would he be the same boy he was in high school, or did he change? I guess there was only one way to find out.     
University of Central Florida here I come.     
*****
Edited. 
Rewritten. 
I hope y'all liked it.
Comment/Vote/Follow me!! 


Megan Fox as Alexis Romanos! I know this actress is definitely out of high school, but a lot of the characters that I cast will look older than the characters they play. If you don't like it, use your own imagination to picture someone!
---
Tomorrow was the big day. Yup. First day of my senior year of high school. I was still relatively new there since I switched schools halfway through junior year. I made a couple friends and I even got myself a boyfriend, Eric. He means a lot to me and I'm most excited about seeing him during school. 
I put on a pair of underwear and a turqouise long sleeve shirt that was two sizes too big, and hopped into bed. I layed my head back onto the pillow and closed my eyes. I didn't exactly love school but I loved my friends, and my boyfriend, and that's really the only reason I wanted to go tomorrow. 
After half an hour of thinking, I finally drifted off into a blissful sleep. 
Several hours later, I heard a loud BANG that startled me in my sleep. I sat up in bed and looked around. My heart was pounding. Maybe I had only heard it in my dreams and it hadn't actually happened. I shrugged and layed back down taking deep breaths.
BANG
Nope that definitely wasn't just in my dreams. My eyes widened as I tried to check my surroundings without moving too much or attracting too much attention. My eyes first went for the closet, then my desk, then my window. There was something black on the other side of my window. A tree? No. A bird? No. 
A person. 
I nearly screamed and jumped out of bed, backing away from the window. I stared in terror at the figure peering in. I couldn't quite make out who it was so late in the night. I saw some gooey liquids sliding down my window and towards the ground. What was that? Blood? My heart pumped faster and faster. Well they can't get to me if there's a window between us. Right? I've always been a pretty brave person so I grabbed the baseball bat that I keep near my closet and tiptoed over to the window. As I moved closer, I could see that there were three figures, not just one. Were they gonna mob me? Maybe this was a group rape. I could also tell that the gooey liquid on the window wasn't blood. But it was clear and yellow. I looked over to the figures and I figured out that they weren't right up against my window, but in my neighbor's house. I peered through the window, lowering my bat, taking in the sight before me. Travis, Anthony, and Daniel. Oh my god. Three of the school's hottest boys were egging my house. I quickly opened the window and heard their cackling laughter as they pointed at me. 
"Oh....my.....god," Anthony said between breaths of laughter. "Did you see her face?"
All three just kept laughing. Ridiculous. 
"Seriously guys?" I asked.
I got no reponse back besides the howl of laughter. I was going to kill them. 
"You were so scared!" exclaimed Daniel. 
"Could you blame me? You guys looked like you were gonna rape me or something!" I nearly screamed. It was two in the morning, I wanted to be asleep in my bed, NOT talking to some popular boys at my school. 
"You think we'd rape you? In your dreams," laughed Daniel. 
I blushed in embarassment. 
"Whatever. You guys all suck," I said. 
"Nice hair by the way," screamed Daniel shortly before I shut the window. Oh lord. I wasn't even paying attention to my appearence when I was scanning my room for murderers. I shut the blinds, then tiptoed into my bathroom and turned on the lights. My hair stuck up in weird places and my part wasn't in a straight line, but rather a zigzag pattern across the top of my head. There was dried spit on the side of my mouth where I had been drooling and worse, I had talked to the three most attractive boys I had ever seen in my life, with no pants on. Great. 
I walked back over to my bed and layed down. I was going to be exhausted tomorrow.
I open my window to allow the night's cool air to enter my room. It's a beautiful October night and the moon is just out of my line of sight as always. I stick my right leg out of my window and place it firmly on the roof, then follow with my left. The fresh breeze brushes my cheeks as I slowly step to the edge of the roof.
I always tell myself not to look down, but every night, I go against my own word. The fall from the second story of my house wouldn't kill me, but it's high enough to cause some serious damage. I look across to the neighboring house's roof. It's no more than four feet away. You would think that when this neighborhood was first built, the contractors wanted to see how many houses they could fit in a limited amount of space.
I take a step back and then jump forward onto the next roof. The jump used to scare me when I was younger, but now it's just so natural. I walk to the bedroom window which is directly across from mine and open it. It's actually quite scary how clearly you can see into this house's room from my own and vice versa. But since this house has been for sale for a while, I've been able to enjoy the night's sky without a damn curtain hovering over the window.
Without looking, I stick my hand into the house and pull out a blanket. I keep it here for this purpose: to lay out on the roof. I set the blanket flat on the roof and lay down facing the sky. The view of the moon more perfect than anywhere else I've ever been.
I would lay on my own roof if it wasn't for the ginormous tree in my backyard blocking my view. I stare up at the moon and soak in every minute I have. I never take my time up here for granted because once a new family moves into this house, I'm S.O.L of a good view. The average family never stays in this house for more than a year. I think it's a curse, and I'm grateful for it.
Ever since the big SOLD sign appeared on the FOR SALE sign in this front yard, I've spent at least an hour on this roof every night. It's my getaway, my place I come to when I'm upset or have a lot to think about. I can feel my eyes getting heavy when I hear my mom calling my name, "Camryn!"
"Shit," I say to myself, standing up. I grab my blanket since this is my last night being able to lay here and jump back onto my roof. I climb through my window and land on my bed which is right in front of it. I made it just in time as my mom opens my door.
"Cam, I've been calling you, I washed and folded your clothes for you" she says, placing a basket full of my clothes next to me. Right on top I see my bra and my underwear folded neatly.
"Mom, I told you, I can do it myself," I say and she frowns. "What I meant was, I'm sixteen and I'm capable of doing my own laundry."
"I know, I just like doing things for you sweetie, now get to bed, it's late," she says, placing a kiss on my forehead. Once she leaves my room I start putting my clothes away. I really need her to stop handling my underwear, it's kind of weird now. But I can't help the fact that she wants to baby me, I'm an only child.
My parents always call me their little blessing, their perfect gift from an angel above. I was adopted by them a few days after I was born, and even though I'm completely, one hundred percent theirs, they still tell me their fear of losing me.
When I was about six they explained everything to me because that's when the tormenting started. According to first graders, there's something wrong with you if you're adopted, you're some type of freak. Kids in my class started calling me names and throwing their juice boxes at me. I went home crying and my mom and dad both sat me down and started talking.
They told me how mommy wasn't able to have her own children and how badly they wanted some. Apparently the adoption process isn't as easy as it may seem. My parents were on a waiting list for a year before they finally got a call that there was a baby on the way for them, but at the very last moment, that mommy changed her mind and kept her child.
It broke my parents' hearts and that's why when they were finally able to adopt me, another year later, they never let me leave their sight. I was their pride and joy, their everything. When they told me this, I asked about my real parents, but they just sort of shook off my question with a little story about them. I was young enough to be content with their story.
As for the kids at school, they made sure I never had one good day. But my parents always made up for it when I got home by taking me out or letting me watch my favorite shows on tv. They're my best friends since no one at school would talk to me. They told me elementary school and middle school would be hard since everyone is still immature. They were right, but they didn't know it would follow me to high school.
Here I am, three months into my junior year and I only have one friend. But I'm not complaining, I'm not to fond of anyone at my school really. I always thought I wanted to fit in with everyone, so I even started wearing clothes from Forever 21 and Pacsun, and did my makeup everyday but that didn't help. I was still the adopted freak.
I've never even had a boyfriend, except for one that was a joke in the third grade, how sad is that. I actually find myself quite attractive too. I'm about 5'7, slim build, long black hair and pale skin. But apparently my background overrides my looks when it comes to dating.
There's one thing I'm sure of though: college will be different. I'd be going to college long ways from California, but the problem with that is money. I've been working at the same diner for almost two years now, trying to save up. I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get out of this small town who's houses are too damn close to each other.
Two years. 
Two years is all I have to get through to get out of here.
This book was started on October 2013, so if you guys see any similar stories to my story or a story that has an exact same plot with this story please inform me. 
I'm truly sorry if some parts of this book offended you but I can assure you I didn't mean to offend you. This book is categorized as fiction so don't take everything seriously.
All Rights Reserved © ohhlala_77
♥︎♡♥︎♡♥︎♡♥︎♡♥︎♡♥︎
Chapter 1
Have you ever felt unwanted? Unworthy? Abandoned? All at once?
Welcome to my life.
My name's Cassidy Taylor, currently 17 years old. I have long brunette locks, matching brown eyes and I am around 5"5 tall.
To put it simply, my mom is dead. She died when I was 10 years old, in a car crash, whilst driving to my piano concert.
Maybe you might understand my way of thinking, the reason why I blame myself for her untimely death. I can't help it, but every reason for her death just seems to point a flashing fluorescent arrow at me. Even my father blames me; I suppose that's why he beats me.
Sad life, right?
I do have someone that loves me though, my protector, my brother, but he's in college. He can't protect me from my father's wrath anymore. So now, I have no one on my side I'm all alone. And the worst thing is I have to face this all by myself.
Flashback
I came home from the park and entered our front door. When I did, I found my dad slumped on the floor with a beer in his hands.
I sighed sadly and went over to help him up, resulting in a stinging slap to my cheek.
"You bitch! You killed your own mother! If it wasn't for you, she would still be alive!" He slurred angrily.
He raised his hand again and brought it down even harder on my face. I bit my trembling lip to stop myself from crying and breaking down in front of him, he would be even angrier if I did.
I'm sure there was going to be a bruise by the next day.
"If it wasn't for your fucking piano contest, your fucking mother would still be here! With us! Alive! We wouldn't be a fucking broken family!" He shouted with so much venom.
I flinched at his words, overwhelmed with guilt. I didn't even see his boot come into contact with my stomach, but I felt it. I screamed out in pain, coughing up flecks of blood on the floor. I used the floor as my support, with my hand against the tiles.
He continued yelling profanities at me as I cried a never-ending stream of tears, not caring anymore if he could see I was weak. Suddenly there was a crash of a broken door, my brother stepped into the room, taking in the scene, reacting quickly and punching dad.
Hard.
"What the fuck is going on?" He exclaimed, running quickly to my side.
"She's the reason why your mom died, don't take her fucking side." 
That seemed to alarm my brother because he wasted no time and strode towards my dad.
"It isn't her fault! Don't ever blame her! Do you think mom would be happy with what you are doing to her?" He bellowed.
My dad narrowed his eyes at my brother.
"Do you think I care? Cause I fucking don't! She doesn't even deserve to be alive" My father growled, his voice loaded with disgust.
"What kind of father are you?! I'll tell you- a shit one!" My brother yelled, raining another harsh punch down on my dad again.
"Shut the hell up! You have no fucking right to fucking hit me! I'm your bloody father! Trust me, you don't want to get into a fight with me!" Dad threatened before punching my brother square in the face.
I shrank further back into the corner chanting reassuring words to myself. I was so scared that he might come onto me again.
My brother groaned, trying to wipe the blood away from his lips with the back of his hand but only smearing it further across his face.
"You lost that title a long time ago. You've never treated my sister right! You beat the shit out of her. Ever since our mom died!" My brother retorted.
He decided that it was safe to move and ran towards me, hugging me tightly against his heaving chest. He quickly carried me upstairs to my room. Leaving my drunk and monstrous father down there.
"I love you so much Cass, no matter what happens, never blame yourself for something that you didn't do, okay?" He consoled me, whispering softly as he ruffled my hair.
I nodded, but the truth was..
I would always blame myself for what this family had become.
End of flashback
I trundled up to my room and curled into a ball, sobbing softly, shoulders heaving as I relived the memory. Dad was right, it was my fault. Mom didn't deserve to die, she was the kindest person I knew, so why? Just why? Why didn't I die instead? It's not like anyone wants me anyway.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
This is my first time to write a book so please forgive me for my poor grammar :)
Please Vote! :) Thank you for reading! :)
-ohhlala_77
Alexis Romero^_^
Bestfriend ng bestfriend ko.Gwapo,mayaman,One of the most popular boy in our school,always niya akong inisnob swerte ko kapag kinausap nya ako pero kinakausap nya naman ako kapag gusto niya lang kaso bihira eh.Kaya ako na lang nangungulit sa kanya bwahahaha.Badboy daw ng very light pero hindi ako naniniwala hahahaha.Syempre siya lang namsn ang ultimate crush ko.Crush ko lang nmn sya since grade 5 hihi.
Henz Villafuerte*_*
Mayaman,Gwapo,Matalino.Isa sa mga campus crush,magaling sumayaw at kumanta.Bestfriend ko siya simula bata pa kami.Bestfriend din sya ni crush.Badboy siya pero kapag ako ang kasama niya makulit,abnormal at isip bata para siyang alien wahahaha
Blue Martinez!_!
Kapatid ko.Magaling sa lahat ng sports,Campus crush din.Pilosopo.Mayaman,gwapo syempre kuya ko hahaha djk gwapo talaga yan.
Chase Fernandez°_°
Cute,pandak hahaha,magaling maggitara at kumanta.Kahit maliit siya ang pinakabadboy sa kanilang apat.
And me! Tarah Martinez♡_♡
I'm 16 years old,third year highschool actually kabatch ko lang ang bestfriend ko at sina crush,napasok ako sa Martins Academy na pagmamay-ari ng lola ni bestfriend alien.Chubby,panget sa lahat ng nakakakita saken  pero sabi ng mama ko maganda daw ako hahaha syempre mama ko yun at sinasabi rin ni kuya na maganda naman daw ako kapag pumayat na ako at nag ayos,kaso hindi uso saken ang pagdadiet at ang suklay hahahaha,kahit ano naman kaseng gawin ko ganito parin itsura ko at  overweight ako ayst.Madaldal,may           pagkabaliw,masayahin,ayokong may malungkot or umiiyak.Food and book lover.
harthart♡♡
Before you read:
This is book two in the Surviving Adam Meade series.
There are MASSIVE spoilers in this story! I highly recommend that you read that story prior to this one. I highly recommend it. No but really...go read it. 
https://www.wattpad.com/story/49398496-surviving-adam-meade
Book series order:
1) Surviving Adam Meade 
2) Finding Claire Collins
3) Catching Case Collins
***
Blurb:
Claire never planned on her senior year changing her life, but then she met Adam. He was the first guy she ever loved, the only guy she'd ever let in, and she learned her lesson the hard way.
Wrapped up in a world of problems, with little left to grasp onto, Adam is searching for the one thing that can bring him back from the edge - the girl whose heart he broke. 
These two are headed for a collision of epic proportions, and not everyone will survive.
This is: Finding Claire Collins
***
Copyright:
This story is copyrighted. All rights reserved. No part of it may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without my prior written permission.
This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the my imagination or are used fictitiously.
***
Random:
If you'd like to see Surviving Adam Meade published, please head here to vote:
https://swoonreads.com/m/surviving-adam-meade/

I leaned against the cold metal of my locker, the steel pressing through my thin shirt into my back, sending shivers up my spine. I didn't notice. I clenched my teeth together sharply as my eyes scanned the words on my page of the book quickly, excitement building up inside of me as I rapidly turned the page, desperate to find out what happens next.
Tug.
I felt someone gently pulling on the ends of my red hair.
"Noelle! Noelle!"
I quickly swatted Emma's hand away, then stuck my arm out, signalling for her to wait, as I returned back to my book, the adrenaline building up in me again as I continued hungrily read the words, feeling myself being sucked back into the world of the character's again. Another sharp tug on my hair brought me back to reality.
"Noelle!"
I sighed and turned to Emma, closing my book hesitantly. Her brown eyes were bright and sparkled with happiness and she was jumping frantically up and down, her straight, blonde hair flying everywhere, as she clutched her textbooks tightly with glee. Emma was perfect. She was funny, kind, smart, and everything everyone would want. She was athletic without being considered 'sporty' and smart without being considered 'nerdy'. She could be one of the popular group easily. If it weren't for me. We had been best friends since Kindergarten, since the day some random boy tried to kiss Emma, and I punched him in the nose, giving him a nose bleed. I was considered one of the , well, to put it lightly, 'nerdy' ones. Always tucked up in the corner with a book. 
Another thing about Emma; she was gorgeous. In all our years of friendship, I always felt like 'the Ugly One', despite Emma's constant attempts to convince me otherwise. 
I couldn't help but smile at the cheerful expression etched into her face.
"Guess what? I got an A on my paper Art History!" She squealed excitedly, grabbing my shoulder and shaking me. "That's great!" I replied grabbing her shoulder with my hand that wasn't holding the book and shaking her just as vigorously. I was happy for her. I truly was. Art History was a subject that Emma would constantly complain to me about in long, detailed emails that would irritate me to no end.
"And guess what? Mr Collins said..."
Her voice droned out as I fiddled with my Harry Potter And The Chamber Of Secrets keychain on the backpack I had slung over my shoulder. I had to find my Geography teacher, Ms Rosewood, to talk to her about my essay. 
Suddenly, my eyes caught on something else.
Or someone else.
There was a boy with black hair, standing across the hallway from me, talking to Max, Emma's boyfriend. I glanced at him from the corner of my eyes while pretending to still be listening to Emma- there was something certain about the way he stood, he held himself that didn't let me draw my wandering eyes away. All of the world seemed to have been blocked out, Emma's ranting, the voices of the other students, the constant patter of footsteps, the way it happened when I was reading. 
"Noelle! Noelle! Are you even listening to me? Hello?"
I quickly snapped my attention back to Emma, who was waving her hand in my face impatiently, and laughing playfully at my startled expression. "Oh, um, yeah... what about Mr Collins?" I mumbled, fiddling absentmindedly with the hem of my sweater, as I stole another quick glance at Black-Haired Boy who was still talking to Max. 
"Never mind," she sighed grabbing her textbooks that she had put in my locker. The sudden movement knocked my arm, causing my rather big book to be sent tumbling to the floor, landing with a large slam. All went quiet and the loud noise, conversations of the student halted as I was sent looks of questioning eyes, the deafening silence ringing through the air. "Sorry," I mumbled, horrified, leaning down and gathering my book. 
Oh gods.
 From the hushed murmurs rising from the other students, I heard statements on my clumsiness. I tried to ignore the chatter and stood up again, grasping my book tightly. This situation- though appearing mild to others rung through me endlessly, panic rising in the back of my throat.
I hated it. My stupid social anxiety. I looked back at Emma, as I raised my head from looking at the floor. "I'm so sorry," She mumbled, sheepishly looking at the ground. She knew about my social anxiety. She knew from the beginning, she knew what it did to me. 
"It's okay," I reassured her, desperately wanting to sink into the ground under the gazes surrounding me. Her phone started ringing, and she motioned to me to wait and turned around, speaking quietly into her phone. I opened my book, trying to read again, but found myself glancing back quickly at Black-Haired Boy, just to see his reaction of the whole fiasco. 
He was staring at me. 
I quickly flitted my eyes back to my book, trying to hide my face behind a shield of my red hair, as a blush flamed on my cheeks. 
Stop it! I scolded myself. 
Why are you acting so scared? Grow up, it's just one person! 
I cautiously set my gaze back to Black-Haired Boy, who was now smiling at me, the right side quirked up more than the left. I narrowed my eyes at him,
Why is he still staring?
This time I held the gaze. His eyes were a deep, mesmerising green, so different and enchanting, unlike my boring hazel eyes. He looked like he just came out of a book. Messy black hair, beautiful eyes that I was falling into. Will Herondale Style.
No, shut up! You don't know him!
I directed my eyes away from him, settling on the large group of girls giggling and whispering, occasionally looking at him lustfully. Okay, ew. They were still vainly trying to catch his gaze. His gaze that was still set on me.
Max finally noticed that Black-Haired Boy was no longer listening to what must have been a very interesting speech due to his constant use of overly complicated hand gestures, and followed his line of sight to me. 
No! 
Please don't come over. For the love of god, please-
Max grinned and dropped his hands quickly before grabbing Black-Haired Boy's wrist and dragging him towards Emma and I.
My first story and first chapter! I'm so excited to see where this story will go :) Please comment what you think, like it, and constructive criticism is appreciated! Thank you :)
-A :)
UPDATE: KAY I WROTE THIS AGES AGO AND THE FIRST FEW CHAPTERS ARE HELLA CRINGY SO YOU MIGHT HAVE TO BEAR WITH ME
If you wish to read this story here are few things you need to know:
1- This is the rewrite of the story SNOW WHITE AND SEVEN DEVILS (also on my profile), which was my first ever story on wattpad. 2- The old version is shite; it's filled with grammar errors, plot holes, clichés and what not. So I prefer this version over the old one. 3- There are A LOT OF CHANGES, from mending plot holes,  making new connections to changing the names of characters. So beware. 
This story SNOW WHITE AND SEVEN DEVILS (REWRITE) is copyrighted to xxtypicalscorpianxx 2014. Anyone found attempting plagiarism will pay.
Comments and Criticism are welcome, but before being too harsh with me, keep in mind that I am not a published writer, I just write because I want to let my imagination out. I am not getting paid for this so it's miles away from perfection.
August 6, 2014. 
*                 *                  *            *
                                                             SNOW WHITE AND SEVEN DEVILS 
                                                                     DAMSEL VS DISTRESS # 1
                                                                            xxtypicalscorpianxx

          My name is Tamara Morgan, and welcome to my school. You see, the school I go to isn't like any others you've heard of before. Our school is different. Other schools you might of been to, or heard of, they have a principal the run the school. Yes, our school does have a principal, but she doesn't run the school. Someone with apparently more power does. My school is run by a gang leader. I know it seems surreal, I thought that too when I was first enrolled. 
          You may ask how this is possible. Well, if your dad is in a very high place in government and your mom is one of the best lawyers in California, it could happen, and it did.
          Jacob Matthews.
          Feared by everyone, whether your twice his size, or half his age, it wouldn't matter. Everyone knew how much power he and his gang held. Oh? Did I forget to mention that Jacob's gang, was the most dangerous in the country? It is.
 Copyright © 2016 Molly Doyle All rights reserved.COPYRIGHT: This story, "My Brother's Best Friend" including all chapters, prologues/epilogues and associated content (I.e fanfics, teasers and content within blogs, social networks and eReaders) is copyrighted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights are reserved by the owner and creator of this work (Molly Doyle) and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of this copyright is punishable by law. Punishments include but are not limited to: A fine of up to $150,000 for each work infringed. Infringer pays for all attorney's fees and court costs. The Court can issue an injunction to stop the infringing acts. The Court can impound the illegal works. The infringer can go to jail.

Update 5/19/16:This story has been published! It is now for sale in paperback form on amazon.com! Search My Brother's Best Friend by Molly Doyle, and you will find it!!! I'm so excited you now have the option to have this as a novel on your bookshelf! Thank you all so much for making this possible. 
                                                                                                    ***  
"It's very nice to see you today—" 
The friendly nurse glances down at the sheet of paper, with all of my information that's attached to the clipboard she's holding, perhaps searching for my name.  I speak up just in time, beating her to it.
"Isabella," I politely say. She locks eyes with me and grins. 
"And you were born in March," she carefully states. I nod in agreement. "So that makes you seventeen years old, am I correct?" 
"Yes," I reply. She writes something down and I glance over at my mother who is sitting on the chair, patiently flipping through a fashion magazine to keep herself preoccupied. If only she knew why I'm really here today. "That's correct."
"Alrighty, then!" She cheerfully exclaims, sitting on the stool and smiling. "And why exactly are you here for an appointment today?" 
I shoot my mom a worried stare but she only grins shortly, before returning her gaze to the magazine on her lap. "Um," I say faintly, looking back at the nurse before she narrows her eyes. "I think I have a UTI." I lie, grimacing at my hands that are linked together from nerves. 
"Oh," she mutters, giving me this weird stare before looking to my mom. "Okay. Excuse me, ma'am, but I have to give Isabella a form to fill out where she'll be answering some personal questions, and nobody is supposed to be in the room during that time with any patient who is older than sixteen years old," she explains. My mother widens her eyes, understanding. "It's simply procedure."
"Oh, yes," She gasps, rushing to her feet before placing the magazine under her armpit to take along with her. "Of course."
"After your daughter is done filling out the form, I will come and get you from the waiting room and you can come back inside," the nurse assures her, opening the door and standing to the side.
My mom grins and waves at me lovingly.  "Answer the questions honestly, sweetheart." 
"Sure thing," I calmly agree before she leaves the room.
I finally release the huge, long, deep breath I've been holding in ever since we walked inside this building. I lock eyes with the nurse once she closes the door. She turns away to look through a cabinet as I try to even out my breathing. She takes much longer than usual, and it makes me even more anxious. 
"So where's that form?"
"The form is completely optional to our teenage patients here," she quietly rushes out. I press my lips into a straight line, goose bumps running up and down my arms. "We usually have you fill it out if you are here for a physical. You don't have to fill it out if you don't wish to."
"Then why did you tell my mother that?" I ask before I can help myself. She sighs and I realize she's finally found what she's looking for.
"Because," she begins, her voice nearly a whisper before she turns to face me. I notice the small plastic doctor's cup she's holding in her hand. "You need to take a test, right?"
"For the UTI?" I softly guess. She unexpectedly shakes her head.
"Your mother's not here at the moment." The nurse gently reminds me, stepping closer. I let out a small breath filled with nerves and anxiety. "You're not here because you think you have a UTI, are you?"
I slowly shake my head.
"So, why are you here today, Isabella?" She questions me sweetly. I feel my eyes beginning to fill up with unwanted tears, but I honestly can't help it. I can't control the toll this is taking on me.
"I'm here," I barely manage to say. My voice comes out quiet, hoarse, and raspy. "Because I missed my period and figured it was just related to stress from moving from my aunt's place in England back to the United States for this summer, so I didn't take it seriously." 
"Mhm. You missed your period?" She confirms.
I nod innocently. "That month, the first month of summer, I figured it was nothing." I release a deep breath, closing my eyes. "But I was supposed to get my period last month and I still didn't get it—"
"You've had two missed menstrual cycles and you haven't taken any tests?" She speaks over me, obviously trying to hide the concern in her tone.
"I was scared," I whisper, and I finally allow myself to cry.
She gives me a sympathetic look, gently taking my hand. I hold onto her, my cheeks becoming soaked with tears. "That's completely understandable. Have you had intercourse recently?"
"I've only had sex once." I quickly try to sound positive. "One time. I lost my virginity to the boy."
"It only takes one time," she tells me, pressing her lips into a thin line. "Here you go. Take this cup to the bathroom and pee into it so we can get a sample of your urine. We'll use this to do a pregnancy test for you and we can also do a blood sampling if you'd like." 
I carefully take the cup, keeping my eyes on it. "I think I'll just go with this for today."
"So you're here because—"
And before she can even say it, I calmly announce, "I think I'm pregnant." 
Well, this is it. 
This is the moment that will change my life forever. This is the moment that will predict my entire future. This is the moment that will either make me, or break me. But either way... I'm ready for it. I have to be. I have no other choice.   
                                                                                                  ***
The pictures I use for this story are of Anna Saccone! She's beautiful and she's very popular on youtube and for her blogging! She just went through a pregnancy and has her own website, which you can just type in her name on google and it will pop up, and she looks just like the character I pictured for Isabella in this story! So, the pictures on the side are of her! She just had her baby on Septmber 11th, too! Which was absolutely beautiful. You can watch her videos on her youtube: ( TheStyleDiet ) This dedication goes to you, Anna! For giving me the idea to write a pregnancy story! If you ever see this, I thank you for being my idol! :) <3
Make sure to vote and comment!
ΝΤΡΙΝΝΝΝΝ!
- Ν(Νεφέλη): Χριστέ μου θα σκάσεις μια φορά να κοιμηθώ σαν άνθρωπος; 
Και τώρα τι μου λες δηλαδή που χτυπάς. Ότι πρέπει να σηκωθώ; ΡΕ ΔΕ ΣΦΑΞΑΝΕ.
Βασικά..είναι καλό που ξυπνάω νωρίς γιατί πάντα ξυπνάω πριν απ'τον Άρη..οπότε αυτό είναι πολύ καλό. ΜΟΥΑΧΑΧΑΧΑ.
Να είδες τώρα; Έπιασα κουβέντα μαζί σου και ξέχασα να πω στο κοινό μου και ποια είμαι. Εντάξει πλάκα κάνω λοιπόν...ΓΕΙΑ ΣΑΣ ΠΑΙΔΕΣ..είμαι η Νεφέλη είμαι 17 χρονών και για κάποιο πολύ περίεργο λόγο μου λένε πως έχω πολύχρωμο στόμα. Πραγματικά δεν μπορώ να φανταστώ το γιατί.
Και τώρα ας επιστρέψουμε στην πραγματικότητα και ας πάμε να ξυπνήσουμε τον παπαρούνα τον αδερφό μου που όπως πάντα βρίσκεται στο 5ο όνειρο. Είμαι πολύ αστεία να ξέρετε. Όχι μην ανησυχείτε θα το συνηθίσετε.
Μπαίνω στο δωμάτιό του και πάω πάνω απ'το κεφάλι του.
- Ν: ΑΡΗΗΗΗΗ! Σήκω ρε να πάμε σχολείο μεσημέριασε! 
- Α: Καλημέρα και σε σένα γλυκιά και πάντα με τον καλό λόγο στο στόμα Νεφέλη.
- Ν: Το ξέρουμε και οι δύο πως κατά βάθος με αγαπάς πολύ.
- Α: Κατά πολύυυυ βάθος όμως.
- Ν: Άντε σήκω ρε ούρδα να ντυθείς να φύγουμε επιτέλους.
- Α: Και όταν λέω εγώ ότι συνέχεια έχεις περίοδο με λες ούρδα.
- Ν: Αη φύε από δω ρε. Του λέω ενώ τον χτυπάω με ένα μαξιλάρι και γελάει. 
Μετά από αυτή την πολύ ενδιαφέρουσα συζήτηση που είχα με τον αδερφό μου πήγα στο μπάνιο έκανα τα απαραίτητα και πήγα στο δωμάτιό μου για να δω τι θα φορέσω. Άνοιξα την ντουλάπα και μετά από κανένα πεντάλεπτο κατέληξα σε αυτά.
Αφού ντύθηκα κατέβηκα σιγά σιγά κάτω για να μην ξυπνήσω τη θεία μου η οποία κοιμόταν στον καναπέ και πήγα στην κουζίνα να φάω. Μετά από κανά πεντάλεπτο βλέπω τον αδερφό μου να κατεβαίνει. 
- Ν: Επιτέλους. Ούτε γαμπρό να σε ντύναμε.
- Α: Τι καλός άνθρωπος.
- Ν: Το ξέρω. Είπα και τον έσπρωξα ελαφρά προς την εξώπορτα για να φύγουμε καμιά φορά.
Μετά από 15 λεπτά περπατήματος φτάσαμε στο πολυαγαπημένο (γκουχ γκουχ) σχολείο μας και ο καθένας πήγε στην παρέα του, ο θεός να την κάνει την δικιά του δηλαδή. Και εκεί που προχωράω ωραία και καλά για το παγκάκι όπου κάθονταν οι κολλητές μου όλως τυχαίως πέφτω πάνω στον παπαρούνα τον Γιώργο. 
- Γ: Βρε, βρε για δες σε ποιο καλό κορίτσι πέσαμε πάλι. 
- Ν: Άκου τώρα τι θα κάνουμε. 
- Γ: Για πες έχω πολύ αγωνία.
- Ν: Λοιπόν κάνεις 6 βήματα πίσω, κοπανάς στον τοίχο εγώ σκάω στα γέλια και μετά πάω στα κορίτσια που με περιμένουν ναι καλό μου;
- Γ: Χαχαχα πολύ αστείο αλλά λέω να κάνουμε κάτι άλλο.
- Ν: Ναι επειδή όμως δεν με νοιάζει καθόλου τι θες να κάνουμε και επειδή με περιμένουν και τα κορίτσια θα κάνουμε αυτό που είπα εγώ. Και γρήγορα όμως γιατί μας βλέπω να νυχτώνουμε. Λέω και τον σπρώχνω με δύναμη και πηγαίνω προς τα κορίτσια.
- Μ(Μαργαρίτα): ΟΜΑΙΚΟΤ! Λέει και με κοιτάει σαν χάνος όπως και οι άλλες.
- Ν: Τι έγινε ρε κορίτσια και με κοιτάτε λες και είμαι εξωγήινος;
- Ε(Ελεάνα): Και πώς θες να σε κοιτάμε ας πούμε;
- N: Ξέρώ γω; Φυσιολογικά;
- Υ(Υβόνη): Περιμένεις να σε κοιτάμε φυσιολογικά μετά από αυτό;
- Ν: Σιγά ρε παιδιά χαλαρώστε.
- Μ(Μαρία): Καλά σας λέει ρε κορίτσια σιγά δεν του πε και τίποτα το περίεργο.
- Ν: Ορίστε. Ένας φυσιολογικός άνθρωπος.
Η Μαργαρίτα πήγε να μιλήσει αλλά χτύπησε το κουδούνι και την διέκοψε.
- Μ: ΓΙΑΤΙ ΠΡΕΠΕΙ ΝΑ ΧΤΥΠΑΕΙ ΠΑΝΤΑ ΟΤΑΝ ΠΑΩ ΝΑ ΜΙΛΗΣΩ ΕΓΩ; Λέει και σκάμε όλες στα γέλια με τη φάτσα της. 
- Ν: Τι έχουμε;
- Μ: Παπαζήση.
- Ν: ΤΙ ΕΧΟΥΜΕΕ;
- Μ: Αργόστροφο είσαι παιδάκι μου;
- Ν: Σταμάτα μωρέ απλά δεν διάβασα. Αμέσως εσύ. 
- Μ: Καλά να πάθεις. Λέει και γελάει.
- Ν: Τι καλή ρε. 
- Μ: Ευχαριστώ το ξέρω. Λέει και προχωράμε προς τις τάξεις μας. Άντε να δούμε πως θα τη βγάλουμε.
.........................................................................................
Γεια σας κουκλίνια😂
Ελπίζω να είστε όλοι καλά.
Αυτήν όπως καταλάβατε είναι η πρώτη μου ιστορία. Ελπίζω να σας άρεσε το 1ο κεφάλαιο αν και εμένα δεν μου άρεσε καθόλου😂😭
Αν σας άρεσε πατήστε το αστεράκι και..τα λέμε στο επόμενο κεφάλαιοο❤❤
Sophia's POV
"Sophia! Are you getting dressed?"My mom yelled
"Yes mom."I yelled struggling to put on my jeans. I've been spending 10 minutes struggling to put on jeans that normally fit like a charm. I gave up throwing the jeans across the floor compromising for a dress. Today, is my first day of senior year. The most hectic year people say. I slid on the floral dress, a jean jacket, and some sandals. My hair was straight as usual and light makeup.
I ran down the stairs and I saw my brother who was a sophomore eating breakfast. I sat in a barstool and started eating the food that was waiting for me.
"Morning sunshine Sophia." My dad said
"Ready for your first day as a senior?" My mom asked
"Ready as I'll ever be."I said pouring syrup on my pancakes
"I'll be right there with ya." My brother Jackson said
"You're a sophomore."I said rolling my eyes
"We still go to the same school." Jackson said
"Mom you're driving him to school, I can drive myself."I said finishing the last of my pancakes
"Fine. Drive safe Soph. Have a good  day." My mom said as I walked out the door.
I put my book sack in the passenger seat and turned on the car. I backed out the driveway seeing my neighbor Cameron on his way to the same school for senior year. I bit my lip as I jetted down the street.
I pulled into the senior parking lot and went into I parking spot. I made sure I looked nice for the first day of school. Looking down at my phone I waited to see where my friends were gonna be. I walked into school by the lockers and saw my friends Ava and Chloe.
"Sophia!" Ava said with her arms out
I went into the hug "Hi, I've missed you guys over the summer."
"Hi Sophia."Chloe said hugging me "What did you do over the summer?"
"Well I did some pretty wild things."I said winking my eye
"You're joking what did you do?" Ava asked
"I'm being serious. Remember that party we went to in my neighborhood?" I asked
"Yeah." They both said
"What about it?" Chloe asked
"Cameron Taylor and I had sex after you guys left."I said quietly 
"You're joking right?" Ava said 
"Dead serious."I said
"The football player? " Chloe asked
"Yeah and neighbor."I said quietly 
"Have you talked after you did you know it?" Ava asked
"No."I said as my voice trailed off as I saw Cameron walk through the hallway with his football player friends "Do you even think he remembers?"
"Were you sober?" Chloe asked yet another question
"I don't drink and I know he wasn't drunk."I said as the bell rang "Can't be late on the first day of senior year."
My friends and I went our different ways to get to our first class. Everything was going fine until I got to the top of the stairs and bumped into someone.
"Sorry."I said as I looked up
"Sophia."Cameron said looking me in the eye. I bit my lip.
"Cameron."I said as my voice trailed off
"Don't think I forgot about our wild night. See ya around?"He said going down the stairs not even letting me talk back. I pushed my hair behind my ear and went up the stairs to deal with an 8 hour day in hell.
•••••
"I gave this surgery today fixing a wrist, it was pretty cool." My dad the surgeon said while eating
"Awesome dad!"I said sarcastically rolling my eyes
"I'm working on a huge case between ahh well it's a long story." My mom said
"Lawyers and their long stories."My brother Jackson said
"So how was your first day of school?" My dad asked
"Pretty cool. Can't wait to start driving, so my mom can stop dropping me off. Things seem pretty easy, so far. Ya know. Pretty good day."My brother said rambling
"Sophia you okay? You're like falling asleep at the table." My mom said as we sat at the table for dinner
I picked my head up quickly "I'm fine. Just a long day and I feel really bloated. Maybe just feminine problems. Can I be excused?"
"Sure sweetie. Feel better. I can get you some midol if you need it." My mom said with a smile
"Thanks mom."I said heading for the stairs. I went up the stairs and then proceeded into my room. I closed the door and entered the bathroom in my room. I opened my phone and went to the period tracker app.  "14 days late" it read on my phone screen.
"No no no."I said worrying my period was never more than a day late, never 2 weeks. I walked out of the bedroom and saw Cameron in his room. More like in his room with Amy Lewis. I rolled my eyes and closed my blinds. I sat on my bed and thought about it. What if I'm actually pregnant? No I can't be, we used a condom. I laid down and drifted into a deep sleep. Not worrying about it until tomorrow.


RINGRINGRING
"Ughhh." I mumble into my pillow. I slam my hand down multiple times on my alarm clock until it finally shut up, landing on the floor and shattering in pieces. Lifting my head just enough, I look at the small black pieces scattered around floor, and groan loudly dropping my head back into my pillow, trying to fall back asleep. 
"DELILAH ELIZABETH WOODS GET OUT OF THAT BED!" My dearest mother, Tabitha,  yells. 
I cringe at my full name. "Jeez women calm your beans. I'm up, I'm up." Loud footsteps boom through the halls, and she burst through the door. 
She sighs and says, "How many times have I told you not to call me women?" 
I furrow my eyebrows, still half asleep. "Uh, I don't know. I lost count." I smile sheepishly. She rolls her eyes, which runs in the family, or the family I used to have. 
    When I was twelve my mom and I found out my dad cheated on her. I guess he couldn't deal with the embarrassment because right after we confronted him, he left and never came home. 
   My brother on the other hand was a completely different story. He broke down when he found out because he was really close to dad, and so was I. He taught us both how to fight, but soon he would cut practice early, which he never did. He would complained if we missed it, so when we told our mom she knew something was up. Lloyd, my brother, when he turned 19 he moved out and got a job in the navy because my dad used to work in the navy. 
I barely ever  talk to him anymore, even though we used to be best friends. But I put my fighting skills to a different use to become Beast, the best female street fighter. Now my mom doesn't care, she even loves it because she and dad both were street fighters before the incident.
   "You have thirty minutes until you have to be at school. Don't want to be late on your first day back, now would you?" Her voice says as she walks away. 
I shrug my shoulders, even though she can't see, "I wouldn't mind it." I say as I roll out of bed heading towards my closet, grabbing my phone on the way up, and check for any text. I see one from my best friend Katie,
From: BEST FRANDDDGet up I'm picking you up for schoolTo: BEST FRANDDDI could just walk and you could go alone to school, even though I know you hate thatFrom: BEST FRANDDDJust shut up and be ready in 15😂
Heading straight for my closet after clicking my phone off, not bothering to shower since I usually do at night after my fights. I pick out my light high waisted shorts with rips, with my my crop Nike hoodie, paired with my Nike Air Force 1's. Before you say anything, no I'm not wearing this to school, this is for after school. What I'm wearing to school is my favorite grey sweat pants with a couple cuts, and a white Tank top, but put my grey baggy sweat shirt over it. I barely ever style my hair, I usually just put it in a pony tail or messy bun because of the 'nerd' image, but I went with the pony tail. The final touch was my brothers dog tag necklace.
   A loud honk sounds from outside and I quickly grab my phone and black backpack, slinging it over my shoulder, and slipping on my white converse with stripped socks. I sprint down the stairs, almost tripping on every step. "Bye mom!" 
My moms head pops around the corner leading to the kitchen, "I don't think so missy, you need to eat." 
I look around frantically and spot a green apple. "Toss me that apple!" I catch it swiftly with my free hand. "Okay, bye mom! Love you!" 
"Love you too honey! Are you going to the gym after school?" I nod my head and leave.
    "Hey hoe!" Katie says. 
I just roll my eyes and reply, "Hey Kay." I slip on my black glasses, which I actually need, but I usually just use my contacts. 
"Do you have any fights tonight? Or are you just going to the gym?" She asks, her eyes still trained on the road. 
"Just going to the gym. My next fight is tomorrow." We continue with meaningless talk until we pull into the hell hole we call school. 
"Ready?" She says, "Ready." I reply, and she slips on her own pair of glasses. 
    Katie is one of the 4 people besides my mom that knows about my secret. Katie has helped me through everything just I have for her. I actually met her at The Ring six years ago when I moved here because of my dad. She literally could be a fucking model. She had the legs and face, plus she was tall, but I was still taller by an inch. It pisses her off to this day. 
But we can't show anything about our real selves because it would put us and the people we hang around with in danger, so that covers up the reason we come into this school as nerds. Katie isn't a boxer, but she got caught up with The Ring's best fighter *cough*me*cough* and is part of the danger that comes with being the best friend.
    The bell rings, taking me out of my trance, and telling me I'm late for class for the first time EVER! "Shit shit shit shit shit!" I whisper-yell, "Shit is right! Hurry up De!" Katie scowls. We both walk into the classroom, but thank god that the teacher was late! We both let out a breath of relief and head to our seats in the back by the windows. 
The teacher walks in right after we sit down. "Okay class, sorry I was late there was a meeting this morning and it was later than we thought it was..." 
He continued complaining about the meeting but I just rolled my eyes, "We didn't ask for your life story." I mumble. Out the corner of my eye I see Katie trying to stifle a laugh. 
"I want you all to open you English books to page 389." Mr. Vince says. Fun stuff I thought.
MY FIRST CHAPTER YAY!! I'm so happy! I don't know when I'll update next but I'm thinking once a week, hope that's good
"Good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught" Luke's voice booms through my phone and into my room waking me up at bloody 6:30 in the morning on everyone's worst nightmare. MONDAY If not everyone's it is atleast for me. I mean it's so peaceful during weekends and then Monday has to come and ruin everything for us. I'm so god damn sleepy I seriously don't want to go college today. In the entire world bed is the only thing who will tell you not to go anywhere in the morning and will welcome you with open arms at night, not seriously tho but still. 
"Piperrrrrrrr I swear to god if you don't come down in 20 minutes I'll go." Jace's voice shouts from downstairs. Oh no if he goes without me I'll have to take a bus or walk to college which I don't want too. "NOO I'll be down" I yank my blanket and get up to get ready as soon as my feet touches the ground I almost pull them up again. It's so bloody cold. I wonder how people can manage to go for a morning walk in such a weather, I mean you just can't go and walk in this stupid cold when you can have the best sleep of your life. I run towards the bathroom and start brushing my teeth. When I look in the mirror my brown eyes seems to scream that they want to sleep, my brown hair is a complete mess. I quickly wash my face and get dressed into joggers and a tshirt which is what I wear I don't even like to dress up and my hair is in a messy bun as always. 
When I get downstairs I run literally run towards the kitchen to make myself a cup of coffee, I can't go a single day without that thing. "Hurry Hurry Hurry Hurry Hurry" Jace is shouting from the drawing room. "Oh for fucks sake shut up." I pour my coffee into a foam cup which I keep for emergencies like this. I grab the cup and my bag. "Let's gooooooonooooo wait I forgot my hoodie." I run upstairs to grab my hoodie, handing my coffee to Jace. When I come down Jace groans and mumbles a 'seriously' and hands my cup to me and we head outside the house locking the door. 
The car ride is silent where the music is playing and I'm sipping my coffee and Jace is driving oh yea and if you were wondering Jace is my brother, my mothers other child. Who is 2 years elder to me and is currently interning at a hospital. Every morning while going he drops me to the college. London University of Arts that's where I'm doing my media studies course and taking extra classes of music. If you think that Jace and I live alone then you are wrong well almost right but our parents do live with us but they are not home on weekdays only on weekends we get to spend time with them. My father is an architect who has to travel places as per his project and my mother is into catering business so she goes around the world in search of 'new cuisine' her words not mine. And then there comes me Piper Angelo, well I'm 18 years old and I happen to obsess over little things like coffee, guitar, hoodies  and French fries yes when I say obsess I swear I OBSESS over them, and the only guy I can imagine myself to obsess over is Calum Hood from 5 seconds of summer I swear I've married him atleast 102948291001 times in my dream just have to do it in real life everything else is set. If you are going ask me about boyfriends and shit please don't because I don't think I'm that kind of a person who wants to date, I mean the idea is appealing but no I'm okay. Jace stops the car in front of the main gate of the uni and I thank him for dropping me and tell him I'll see him soon and get out of the car. 
People are wandering everywhere guys are playing basketball some of the girls are sitting under the tree reading and some of the couples are doing what they are best at PDA. I directly head towards the cafeteria that's where we all meet and by 'we' I mean the only 4 people I call friends. Nikkie with long black hair, glasses and a Nike bag who at first I thought is a complete bitch but is a total opposite and is a cutie. She is doing English major. Maddison also known as Madi is that model figure girl of the group with jet black hair with brown dip dye and height which I'd kill to have and she is doing law. Alice the cutie of the group who is almost my height we are the shortest people on the earth I swear like what ya that's not even fair we are barely 5'1 and rest all of them are 5'5 and above. And last but not the least Hannah she is the dare devil amongst all of us with hazel eyes and dark brown hair and she can pull off anything and when I say anything I mean it and she doesn't even have to try but she thinks else ways. 
When I enter the cafeteria I find them sitting at our regular table "Yo Gurlssssss" I shout and they turn around huge grins plastered on their faces and I head straight towards them. 
Well here's to the sucking of the first chapter. I hope y'all like it.
This story will have ads, which means by watching short advertisements (which shouldn't take you longer than 15 seconds), you will be helping me keep updates frequent, my writing a high priority, and supporting me as a young writer. 
Every time you get frustrated watching an ad for 15 seconds (or even less), just remember the hours I spent writing, editing and planning the chapter you're about to read and know that your time is not going wasted. Thank you in advance for considering this!
PLEASE NOTE all characters in this story are purely fictional and are not based on any preexisting people or work. Although its set in Australia, Sandy Cove is a fictional town and carries no ties with any real life location with the same name. Pictures placed before chapters are by no means physical representations of characters and are simply photos that inspire the setting of this story. Most of these photos are linked from tumblr. This story is written in Australian/UK English.
The moment their eyes locked in the taxi, she knew something wasn't right. There couldn't be much that wasn't on an innocent ride home. .. but three things were certain: first, he was sixteen with a taxi license. Second, he was drop dead gorgeous and third... That guilty smile placed on his face was all the things it shouldn't have been. And with a moment, it told all that she wished not to know. Perfect A student Kloe Tayes had been kidnapped, and kidnapped by a gorgeous taxi thief. But maybe a gorgeous taxi thief isn't her only problem, when her life has been lived on a mountain of lies. Its hard to say which one is good and which one is bad, when both hold guns against her head.
Love, betrayal, revenge and action
{This story contains bits of my favourite movie knight and day. It was all for fun. Partly fan fiction and partly my own work :D}
Summary:
Thousands of students apply, and only 75 get in per year. This prestigious academy is seemingly perfect on the outside, it's every student's dream. But the students struggle to keep up the facade. Each student holds a secret, something deep and dark inside. How long will it take before the academy crumbles, falling  into thousands of unrestorable pieces?

*Trigger Warning: This book deals with issues such as Depression & Self-Harm

This book contains a character by the name of Shane Dawson. He's my character and has no correlation with the YouTuber. This book was written before Shane Dawson the YouTuber was a YouTube sensation, and even so, not every Shane Dawson on the planet relates back to the Internet. Shane Dawson is a figment of my imagination.

  Chapter 1
  Life is in constant motion. Time doesn't stop for just one person. I personally wish it did. So that now I could pause time and maybe even reverse time. To stop the moment that changed my entire life. It was my fault anyways. 
  My name? Jessica Rose Michaels. You are probably wondering who the heck I am, and about that moment that changed my life. The moment that will live with me for the rest of that different life. I've lived in this tiny town in Georgia since the moment I was born to the best family a young girl could ask for. But that family has changed. So I'm now moving with my older brother and my perky yet innocent five year old sister Lily. 
     I've always felt that I was different, or maybe I was praying I was different. I didn't want to be some regular girl who grows up to be a boring women with a bland job, family, and lover. I guess now I know I will never be bland. The nurse at the hospital made sure of that when she gave me a speech full of sincerity and sympathy the moment I woke up. 
Main Characters: Eleanor Denware (Maggie Lindemann)Tyler Janson/Myers (Tristan Ridel)Jason Core (Douglass Booth)Audrey Core (Demi Lovato)|Unknown| Janson/Myers (Colin Ford)
Extra Characters:Joshua Denware (Ty Simpkins)Amy Slimn (Stephanie Scott)Ariel Slimn (Maxi Drew Johnson)Belle Timrid (Emma Roberts)Malcolm Janson/Myers (Álex González)Sophia (Hayley Kiyoko)
Chapter One
     When people see me, all they see is the pretty face behind the glasses that gets really good grades. Truly they aren't wrong but, sometimes it gets hard to just pretend to be what people see you as. Looking at myself in the mirror, I see these bright blue eyes with this long dark hair that remind me that, that's me. Well of course until it's time for school. It all immediately basically goes to hell when my alarm clock goes off.   
      So waking up to the smell of bacon and waffles is probably the best thing ever. I quickly got out of bed and hopped in the shower, letting down the tangled mess that I call hair. I turned on the hot water and let the water relax my tense body. When I finished I quickly got dressed in a simple outfit and put on my glasses. My makeup consisted of only a bit of mascara and some mint chapstick. I quickly ran down the stairs almost killing myself in the process, note to self, don't run down the stairs. I got to the kitchen and kissed my mom on the cheek.
      "Buenos Dias Mamí," I said with a smile, grabbing an empty plate from beside her. She's always been my role-model, especially when my dad divorced her and left me along with my younger sister in the dust as he went to marry some 23-year-old gold-digger. She stayed strong and worked hard for the sake of us and now we happily live in our own decently large house, she has her own company that specializes in helping teen moms, and we've never needed any help from my father. "Morning Nená, do you want some breakfast?" she asked me, looking up from her phone. "Sure Mamí," I nodded and she served me 2 eggs, 3 pieces of bacon, and 3 waffles. She didn't have to be at work till later, and my 13-year-old sister, Katia, was still getting ready upstairs. Plus our "maid" didn't get here till around 10:30 am so naturally mom had to make breakfast for us.
      I basically swallowed everything whole, making my mom give me a disapproving look at my unladylike manners. Smiling innocently, I yelled bye to my Mom while running to the door. The warm air hit me almost as soon as I opened the door, making me let out a sigh of satisfaction as I unlocked my baby, a 2008 matte black mustang GT. Sliding into the driver's seat, I made my way to my best friend's house while humming the tune to a random song that was stuck in my head. When I got to her driveway, I stopped, pulled out my phone and called her knowing she was probably still asleep.
      "Hello?" she answered, the grogginess evident in her voice. "Jaqueline Franta! Oh so help me god, you better not be sleeping you lazy whale!" I playfully growled into the phone. Jaqueline has been my best friend since that one day in the 6th grade where she defended me in front of the whole cafeteria. "Oh yeah I'm totally ready!" she said in an unconvincing tone, before a thud, a crash, and running was heard through the speakers. "Mmhmm sure, hurry up Chicá," I said quickly into the phone, right as I saw Jaqueline run out the front door, trying to zip up her backpack in the process. Getting to the passenger side door, she opened it and plopped herself down loudly into the seat. "Made it," she said with a smirk and a playful wink. I sighed and put the car in drive, shaking my head with a smile. She's a handful.
      To be honest, I don't know how she manages to look so good without any effort. Her dirty blonde hair was pulled up into a neat high ponytail and her pale blue eyes sparkled and stood out with the minimal makeup she had to wear. "Morning Jaqueline" I stated rather loudly, trying to catch her attention for she was basically mesmerized with her phone. "Morning Nena," she said back, not looking up at me for a second. What an oh so wonderful best friend I have. Note the sarcasm.
      About 15 minutes later, we were pulling into the school parking lot, the only thing that Jaqueline actually looked up for the whole way there. We stepped out of the car and I locked it before we began to make our way to the front double-doors. Some people from my French class waved with a small smile and some of the girls who I'd mostly consider bimbos, sneered at me. With a simple eye roll I continued walking, Jaqueline, on the other hand, glared at them and gave them a very nice finger if you catch my drift.
      Before I could enter the school, a voice I knew all too well stopped me.
      "Lenne," he stated my voice in a taunting manner. It was none other than Jake Reece Asher. No, he isn't that bully that will embarrass me in front of the school, he's the type that will try and break you until you're one of his loyal followers. Something I still refuse to do but, the boy is still a scary dude. Just my fucking luck huh?
All Rights Reserved
As most of my original readers may know, Jaqueline was Jolie and Lenne didn't have a sister and I know it seems weird but, I promise you I know what I'm doing. Honestly, I wasn't feeling confident with the first couple of chapters in my story so I'm just tweaking it here and there. For those of you who just started reading, disregard the above and welcome to the Peach Family. I hope you enjoy the book and truly if you have any edits or suggestions or even nice comments I really appreciate those. Most of the chapters will be in Lenne's point of view unless it says otherwise in the beginning of the chapter. Have a great day and editing will be done soon just please be patient with me Peaches. Loves you guys -Aime
Here is the first part of the revised version of my story. It'll be the same story line but better and not as rushed. Enjoy!
***This story is NOT edited. I know there are some mistakes, especially when it comes to middle names and ages. I didn't edit these chapters before i posted them. I am currently in the process of editing this story to make it much, much better.
________________________________________________________________
“Are you scared?”
“No!”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“So I can move?”
“Don’t you dare!”
“I knew it! I knew you were scared!”
“Shut up. Be nice to me.”
The room was completely dark except for the glow coming from the television. We were watching “Don’t Close Your Eyes”, the newest movie that was supposed to be the scariest ever seen. Scary movies usually don’t bother me, but this one was really getting to me. As a result, I was curled up in my boyfriend, Cayden’s, lap, a blanket and his arms wrapped securely around me. Cayden was finding the fact that I was scared completely hilarious.
“Aww Makenzi’s scared,” Tegan, my best friend, teased from the other couch where she was curled up against her boyfriend, Liam.
“At least I’m actually watching the movie instead of hiding my face in Liam’s chest,” I responded with a smirk.
“Shut up,” she said, playfulness now gone.
I simply chuckled, snuggling further into Cayden.
This was a typical Friday night for the four of us. Growing up in a small town, you grow up being friends with everybody but the four of us were always the closest out of anybody. Cayden and I met when I was still in my mom’s stomach. Our parents have pictures of newborn Cayden with his hand on my mom’s swollen stomach. Our parents like to tell us how he would babble to me and I would respond by kicking. It’s no wonder that we’ve been best friends our entire lives.
Liam came into the picture a couple months later. His mom had recently divorced his dad and had moved to our little town for a fresh start. She had actually lived here as a kid and decided she wanted Liam and his older brother, Luka, grow up where she did. She had been friends with my mom and Cayden’s mom in high school and they all reconnected, bringing us kids together as well.
Tegan didn’t join our group until we started kindergarten. Her dad had just gotten a job at Fox and Knight Law Firm, the business that my dad runs with Cayden’s dad. Back then, the company was just getting started but everyone knew that it would grow to be a big company, which it has. So when Tegan’s dad accepted the job, he brought his family to live here. My dad had Tegan’s family over to get to know them, introducing Tegan to the three of us. Ever since then we’ve been pretty much inseparable. It was only natural that we would break off into couples and date each other.
“Do you think they’ll notice if we leave?” Cayden whispered in my ear, breaking me out of my thoughts.
I pulled back from where I had my head buried in his chest to see Tegan and Liam engaged in an intense game of tonsil hockey. I smiled, turning to Cayden with a shake of my head. I knew when the two of them got like that, they slipped into their own little world and nothing short of forcing them apart would bring them back to reality. Cayden smiled back before repositioning his arms so one was around my torso and the other under my knees.  He stood up, taking me with him, and walked up to his room, shutting the door with his foot and placing me gently on his bed. He laid down on his side beside me, one arm underneath him to prop him up. He wrapped his free arm around my waist, pulling me to him.
~ Isabel Montes's POV:
"Ladies - and germs," my track coach's voice boomed out as we gave our attention. "Run the track, one lap!"
We all groaned and moaned from exhaustion. We were currently doing advanced conditioning. It was so tiring that it felt like I was training for war, but it was just our first track practice. Staying after school for track practice felt like absolute detention.
"C'mon, people! Get up! It's just a lap, then you can all take a nice shower. Doesn't that sound awesome?" Mr. Vlad, the coach, encouraged us. 
No one moved. Some were just laying on the floor, relaxing. I sighed heavily, unscrewed the cap of my water bottle, then chugged the cold liquid down. After drinking the last drop, I got up, tossing the bottle in the recycle bin before walking out the gym to the track. 
"God, I hope I don't pass out," I muttered to myself, wiping the sweat that was slipping down my forehead. I feel like the outdoors will soon be called ' the incinerators'. Global warming is bad... very, very bad.
"That's the spirit!" I heard coach say as he ran out of the gym with his clipboard tucked between his arm. You could totally see his armpit stains. 
Oh, what a crazy man. He wants us to look like fried chicken and spam by the end of the day.
"Bel, wait up!" I heard Benjie say as he tries to catch up. Following behind him was Katherine, my other best friend. Without stopping, I continued on with my walk. I know they'll catch up.
"I-I thought we were best friends? W-Why you no wait for us?" Benjie cries out.
"W-Why you no just hurry up?" I mimicked his whining and broken English. 
"Bish, just wait for us," I hear Kath call out. I sighed, and stopped.
As soon as they reached me, I side-booty bumped Kath. It caught her off guard , which resulted her in bumping into Benjie, who has now landed on the ground.
"That right there is an example of a human domino effect," I giggled out.
"Montes!" he screeched out. "You're such a d!ck!"
Kath offered her hand, bringing Benjie back on his feet. He swiftly punched my arm. 
That hurt. I rubbed the spot that he had punched. "Sorry drama queen, but that makes you a vag!na then," I replied with a smirk. We all knew that we were just joking around.
He stuck his tongue out at me. "Whatever," he replied with a little attitude. He snapped his fingers in a Z formation, which was directed towards me. Diva right there!
"Fancy," I smiled, then made a clawing motion of a tiger.
"You guys are so gay," Kath giggled. 
"Babe, you offended me," Benjie dramatically says as he puts the back of his hand to his forehead.
"'Tis true, you're definitely a drama queen," Kath laughed out, pretending to wipe invisible tears. I shook my head and chuckled at my silly best friends.
Out of no where, a guy from our track team collides his shoulder into Benjie's and Benjie let out a yelp. I recognised his face and his name was Mark. 
"Watch where you're going, you blind ape!" I screamed at him. 
He turns around and hollers, "Lesbian tarantula!" 
Hey guys! 
*breathes out* so the sequel's finally here, huh? 
I'd like to once again thank all of you for taking the time and reading my stories. Some of you even go and read all of my work and it means so much to me! Thank you so much! 
Further, while many of you voted for yes, others voted for no... And I owe you an explanation. This is not for me. Well, I was not going to make a sequel. I was never going to make one either. But I met someone. And I know you're reading this right now, and you'll know that I'm talking about you. You never knew it, but you have helped me in so many ways. While helping you, I realised that everything I told you, counts for me too. This sequel is just for you. I never told you that either, but now you know. 
Continuing, if you don't want to read this story, then you don't have to :) 
WARNING: THERE WILL BE VIOLENCE IN THIS STORY, SO READ AT OWN RISK (you know how it goes.) 
NOTE: Every character within this story are small parts of myself. I do not support self-harm, nor suicide, so don't get any wrong ideas. I am sorry if I add any words you find offensive within this story. I didn't say "read at own risk" without any valid reason.
I do not accept any offers for translation, so DO NOT ASK! I WILL REPORT IT!
This story takes place, once again, in fictional town Anton. 
Pauline June.
She is the school's nerd.
She is eighteen years old.
Beautiful with blonde hair and a pair of deep blue eyes.
She never raised her head up while walking in the school's hallway or any place.
She never knew about the attention she got and never really cared.
She doesn't have friends and never really talks much.
She is a moody girl.
But she is beautiful and innocent at the same time.
Then suddenly, the school's bad boy, Nicolas Witmore is more interested in her.
The question is why?
A/N:
Hey my cute dumplings!
Since this is the first chapter. It is written in third person's POV. The next chapters will be written in Pauline's POV. Hope you guys like it.
Please VOTE and COMMENT.
           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)

I'm never good at math, but that doesn't mean I'm bad at school. See, I'm more of a right-brained type of person, who is best at making decisions based on feelings rather than intricate logics. My mind is an infinite ocean of quiet words, unique colors, tangled lines, loud sounds, and bright-eyed hopes. They go in big waves together, and they usually don't make any sense at all. Pretty much explains why most people find me weird. They usually tell I have a world of my own. Well, what can I say? Life is clay in different colors, and I shape it through the notions of 'what if' and 'what could be.' At one point in my life, however, I let the universe do its power to decide what would happen to me. Then something came into my life, which I didn't anticipate and hope for, and which made me deem that, my God, the universe could be such a huge clown.
It had given me the privilege to cross fate with someone like him, and guess what, the probability of it was one over seven billion. I'm never good at Math as I said, and, trust me, I can't believe I'm theorizing my encounter with him in a statistical probability way. But it is true - my chance was one in a seven billion. Slim, isn't it? It was such an incredible thing to imagine. Even so, all I can say is that I was the luckiest person to be able to fall in love with him, regardless of the countless chances of heartaches I got along the way.
The last sentence might have gotten some of you confused, and you're trying to figure out what could've happened back then.
Just sit back. Relax. Be patient. I guarantee this would be a long journey, but I'll try to leave nothing out as we go through all the way.
Yet before that, do me a favor.
Consider this moment, only this moment, to think back to those bittersweet memories.
The first time you fell in love.
The first time you felt loved.
Keep those memories. All the moments. Cherish them because you can never bring those days back. Memories are what keep you connected to the person you have and to the person you lost. And sometimes, memories are what keep you afloat.

"Dalanie!"
"Yeah, mum?"
"Get off that laptop for once and help your sister and I with the preparation of tonight's dinner! We need you to make the potato salad!"
"Okay I'm coming!" I walked briskly towards the kitchen and grabbed the potatoes and got to washing them. Just then, the phone rang and my 7 year old sister, Lilith, went to get it.
"Hello?" she said in her usual cute voice. "Grandpa! Yes, we have enough food for tonight's dinner. Don't worry! Wait what? Grandma's bringing milk and cookies? Yay! And Santa can have some too!"
"Santa doesn't exist," I muttered under my breath. Unfortunately, mum heard.
"Honey... don't say that. It's not nice to ruin Lilith's imagination," she looked over with a disapproving gaze.
I didn't reply. Just continued with the potato work.
"Okay, I'll see you both later! Bye Grandpa. Love you!" Lilith ended the call and came running to us excitedly. "Grandpa said that he and Grandma will be coming at 6 and Uncle Angus and Aunt Harper and Thomas and Nicolas will be coming at 6.15 and-"
"Dinner isn't gonna cook itself," I interrupted.
"Fine, I'll get to work alright? What's wrong with you anyway?"
"Now, now, girls. Calm down. It's already 4.15 and we might not make all the food in time for dinner if we don't hurry."
•~•
It was 5.30, and just as I was finally done with cooking my part of the dinner and changing into my outfit for the night, dad came home.
"Lilith my princess! Hello Dalanie! And hey dear!" he chirped as he hugged all of us. "I've bought the gifts at great discounts!"
"Wowie! What did you get?" Lilith asked in her most innocent voice.
"You'll see on Boxing Day," he smiled. "As for our guests, you can see what they're gonna get later!"
"That's fantastic," mum said as she kissed dad on the cheek.
"Nice," I simply said, eyes glued to my laptop.
"You seem quite engrossed in something. What are you doing?" dad came over and asked.
"Gaming."
"C'mon Dal, socialize. It's not harmful."
"Wait lemme kill this dude."
"Girls shouldn't play violent games, you know. Anyway, after you've finished him, come prepare the table. Mum's almost finished with the food and the guests should be here anytime soon."
This is one of the reasons why I love my dad. He's so understanding. Needless to say, I obeyed him.
"Ding dong!"
"Ah, our first guest. Get the door will you, Dal?" dad asked.
I nodded happily and went to get the door.
"Oh hello, Dalanie! Sorry to bother you, but most of my guests have arrived and I've already used up all the chairs in my house. Do you think you can spare me about two more?" our next door neighbour, Aunt Jeanne asked.
"I'll have to ask my mum first. Hang on a while, Aunt Jeanne."
"You need two more chairs? Sure, we have plenty! Here, are these foldable chairs alright?" mum asked, bringing them out.
"Thank you so much, Hazel! And thank you too, Dalanie," Aunt Jeanne said with a smile.
Hey people!!! Well huh.I forgot what I was going to say. Oh right okay well if you don't know this is my book 📚 
3 Bad boys Kidnapped me
I know it is mature content. So far it will only be cuss words. Not severe don't worry. It won't be.........
Doing the dirty if you know what I mean 😉
ROLLING IN MUD
Anyways if you're reading 📖 this I would love you to read my book.
Pls don't be a silent reader and express your thoughts but also no mean comments.
It makes me happy knowing people support me and not tear me down.Thank you.
Let's get on with this book 
Yippee 
Chapter One
Not Edited
~ Grace ~
"Have a great day sweetheart." My mom says, leaning over to kiss my forehead. I smile at her before getting out of her car. The rain droplets start to hit my head and I let out a sigh, quickly walking into the building.
Before you ask, I'll just introduce myself. My name is Grace Leigh Parkinson and I am not your usual seventeen year old school student. Instead of having the basic brown, blonde or black hair, my hair is a dark purple colour. Instead of applying makeup like every teenager nowadays, I put in my nose and lip piercing. Instead of wearing nice dresses and jeans to school, I wear my usual baggy pants and my large jumper. Oh, and I'm not one of those girls who just don't care about the school because I actually do. The only problem is the people who just don't get that bullying is a crime.
You see, for the past five years that I have been at this school, from day one, I have been bullied by at least half of this school's population. Don't ask why because I don't know either. I may be my piercings or the fact that I have no friends but either way, I still have no clue. Why don't I have any friends? Well, the first and only friend I had got dragged into my problems and started to get hit too by everyone and thats when she told me she didn't want to be friends anymore. I don't blame her though. Ever since then, no one has wanted to be friend or even be seen talking to me. It hurts to know that I have no one to share my thoughts with and to talk to about boys, school and life. It just makes me feel more alone to not have any friends at all. The only person who does talk to me is usually the principle and the school nurse, that's it.
I can't even talk to my mom about anything because she is dealing with her own problems right now. Since she has stage two lung cancer from my father's smoke that she accidentally inhales, I don't bother to talk to her about things that happen in school. She is fighting her own battles and hopefully she wins because if I lose her, I will not know what to do. You see, my mom and I are inseparable. We always hang out when we can we are always in the same room as each other, except for when it's time for bed. I think it's because we look alike we are very close or its just the fact that I am an only child. You might be thinking that since my mom and I are close, why don't I tell her about how I get bullied at school? Well, like I said before, she is dealing with her own problems and after she gets through them, I will tell her everything.
The voice of a person in front of me gets me out of my thoughts and I look up at the girl. "Excuse me, your in my way." The girl says and I look around me to see that I am standing in the middle of the hallway with my books clutched to my chest. I apologize and move to the side but suddenly, I bump into someone who had been standing beside me the whole time and I didn't see them.
At this moment, I knew that she had planned this.
"Ew, you just touched me!" The girl who I bumped into, squeals and I quickly apologize and try to move but students have now blocked me from making my escape. A crowd surrounds me and the two girls and I feel my heart clench when I see Nicole.
Remember how I said that I once had a friend who left me because she was getting hurt too? Well, this is Nicole, the girl who left me and became one of the popular kids in the school. She is also apart of the cheerleading team and according to some of the students, she runs the school now.
"Hello Grace," Nicole says, a sick look in her eyes. Before I can speak, I am kicked to the ground by Nicole and my head hits the lockers, making me wince in pain. I watch as the three girls stand over me, all of them glaring as they look at my thing and fragile figure.
"When I first met you Grace, I thought you were a strong and independent girl but I guess I was wrong." Nicole says and the girl to her left kicks me in the stomach with her heel. If you think the word 'kills' describes the pain of her heel that basically jabbed me in the stomach, your wrong. The pain is excruciating!
"P-Please..." I manage to say but this just makes the girl who kicked me before, kick me again and I let out a groan, my hands clutching my stomach. Nicole smirks and crouches down to my level and looks into my green eyes while I stare into her blue ones.
"Your just a little girl like everyone said you were." Nicole says, her tone los but venomous. As Nicole stands up, the girl on her right, kicks me in the stomach sending me breathless.
All the students walk away as the bell rings and I groan, trying to sit up. I let out a small sigh when I rest my back against the locker, my head hanging.
"Would you like some help?" I hear someone say and I look up to see someone who is never thought would be in front of me.
"What are you doing?" I ask, my voice coming out husky. I narrow my eyes at Luke and let out a cough when I feel something tickle my throat. Luke crouches down and furrows his eyebrows at me.
"Trying to help. What does it look like?" Luke asks and I stretch out my leg to try and kick Luke away but I fail. I let out a sigh and look at my hands which are holding my stomach.
Okay, in a few sentences, Luke is the player of the school. The usual blonde hair and striking blue eyes and the face of a model. He is known for sleeping with girls and breaking their hearts the next day for his own fun. Everyone says he is trouble but to me, he is just a pig.
"It looks like your trying to either get yourself into trouble or trying to trick me." I mumble and Luke raises his eyebrow.
"Trick you?"
"Yeah, like, you offer me a hand and when I go to take it, you pull away and run off laughing." I explain and Luke chuckles. He holds out a hand and smiles at me.
"I won't do that." He says and I roll my eyes.
"Just leave me alone." I say and Luke shakes his head.
"I'm going to take you to the nurse." Luke says and I look at him for a few seconds, trying to answer the question that is circling my mind and I let out a sigh and grab his hand, allowing him to help me up.
"Ow!" I groan and Luke wraps an arm around my waist and makes me wrap my arm around his shoulders. As we start to walk to the nurse's office, I can't help but ask myself:
Am I dreaming?
My heart begins to flutter as I realise that I am not dreaming and someone actually came up to me, offered to help me and is now talking me to the nurse's office.
Am I happy? More like ecstatic.
Mains:
Avery Collins
Jake Collins
Austin Gray
Gabby Forza
Adam Fields
Re-appearing characters: 
Scarlett Jones
Connor Ross
James Smith
Maddie Mendez
Georgia
Brett
Matt
Jake's Gang:
Kyle Jennings 
Caleb Strait
Damon Harlin
Liam Till
Reece Kitsch
Austin's Gang:
Andre Cardone
Joel Hemingway
Kinsgley Garwin
Ben Danvers
Reid Porter (Formally named Taj until I found out it was a girl's name)
If I have missed any names please tell me 
Bella:I always hate starting at a new school half way through the year. Everyone stares at you when you walk through the doors like 'who's the new girl', 'where is she from'.That is one of the many reasons I hate it. "Hi, how can I help you?" The lady at the student registry desk asks, she has to be in her late sixties. She wears her dyed brown hair in a tight bun on the top of her head. She is wearing a black pencil skirt, a white top and a black blazer of the top."Hi, umm... I'm new here," I say."What's the name deary?""Bella O'Daylie," I reply.The lady rummages through a pile of paper work until she finds a folder with SCHEDULES printed on it. She pulls one piece of paper out and photocopies it."Here you go Ms O'Daylie," she hands me my schedule."Thank you," I turn to leave but run into someone, smack bang into their chest.I step back and look up at the person I just bumped into and by hell can I tell you those eyes were not happy."I am so sorry," I apologise.He looks me up and down before resting his eyes on mine."You better be," he says angrily.I side step him and walk towards my first class, English.
I knock on the door and a male in his early thirties opens it."How can I help?" He asks."Umm... I'm new and meant to be in this class," I reply showing him my schedule."You must be Bella, come right in. I'm Mr Harrison," he ushers me inside the door before continuing."We were just doing a get to know you exercise for our assignment coming up. So grab a chair and come join us."I grab my chair and sit quietly listening to everyone. It suddenly goes quiet and I realise they're waiting for me.I stand, "Hi my name is Bella O'Daylie, I recently just moved here with my aunty and uncle and my 7 year old brother. My parents died when I was 18 months old so I don't remember them,"Okay, three interesting facts, "I'm from the Gold Coast so I grew up surfing, green and blue happen to be my favourite colours and I like my own company."Someone claps and I turn around to see the guy I bumped into earlier."Christian Hamilton so glad you could make it, take a seat and it's your turn," Mr Harrison says.He pulls up a chair and sits beside me.Christian looks to be 6" in height and is well toned by the way his clothes cling to him. He has dark brown hair tanned skin and brown eyes."Well everyone knows me but for the new girl Bella. I'm Christian. I live with my mum and I'm an only child. I ride a BMW motorbike, my baby!"
Lunch time couldn't come any faster and it was so welcome. My first to periods were so boring that I fell asleep and earned myself a detention in the tomorrow morning.As I'm standing in line to pay for my burger, I am shoved from behind and fall into the girl in front of me.She has to be 5"3 in height. She was blonde and wore a flannel with shorts and black converse shoes.Her eyes were a dark blue as she turned around."I am so sorry," I apologise.She smiles,"It's fine, I'm Ruby,""Bella," I smile."Come sit with me," We pay for our burgers and she leads me to a table in the middle of the cafeteria."Guys this is Bella, she's new," Ruby introduced me."This is Harper, my best friend," she points to a brown hair girl with, green eyes and is quite pale."Hi," we say at the same time.We laugh."Okay, so this is Dan and Jake, twin if you can't tell," Dan and Jake had sandy blonde hair and brown hair. They were both quite tanned and were well muscled.Ruby and I sit, they quickly include me into the conversation like they've always known me.I'm starting to like it here. 
I unlock the door to my new house and walk into the kitchen."Hey Bell, how was your first day?" Aunty Taylor asks. She is in her late thirties and is tall and skinny just like me. She has shoulder length brown hair and blue eyes. "Hi, it was alright, made some friends," I say, kissing her on the cheek."Made some friends? Miss Bella Justine O'Daylie.... Is that you?" She jokes.I've never been good at making friends. They either turn out to be bitches or I'd have to move, so I don't really engage in making friends."I'm going to do my homework," I say.I walk up the stairs and along the hall way until I reach my door, the last right at the end. I open the door and am greeted by my massive room, I had an ensuite, walk in robe and a massive window. The only thing is that my window over looks the next house, and another window. Between both houses was a large tree that I could easily use to get into the next door neighbours. 
I wake up to the sound of my alarm going off. I shut it off and rolled over wanting some more sleep.
Knock, knock
"Come on Bella, you'll be late for school!" Uncle Ben yells.He opens the door, walks in, and opens the curtain."Go away," I mumble.He pulled my covers down.I jerk fully awake."Uncle Ben!"Uncle Ben still had his famous blonde hair and green eyes. Though him and Aunt Taylor never never had kids they treat me like one of their own.He walks out of my room and I sit up, I check my phone for messages but hey, who would text me?!I walk into the bathroom and have a shower, I grab my towel and dry off. Walking back into my room and standing in front my closet I hear a wolf whistle. I quickly turn towards my window and sure enough I have myself a peeping tom. Christian!"What the hell?" I say, pulling the towel tighter around myself."Mmm... Loving the view Princess," he winks.Ugh... I hate guys like this. "What are doing though?" I ask."I live here Bella Bomba," he replies smirking and my heart just does a flip... What the hell?"Well sorry but the shows over," I say closing my window, I look over and he's still standing there smiling. My heart does one of those flips again... I pull hard closing my curtains.
Parking my car, I walk towards the front doors but stop as I grip the handle."Bella!" I hear someone call.I look over my shoulder and see the group. Ruby runs over to me and gives me a huge hug."Hey," I squeeze back.The others come towards us, Harper almost squeezes all the life out of me ,whilst I got a 'what's up' head nod from the guys.My detention started in five minutes so I said my good-byes to the group and walked to the detention room, E3. I checked my watch and still had three minutes, I decided I had time to go the bathroom so I went. In the toilets I looked at myself in the mirror, my long brown wavy hair was still neat. Today I wore light washed jeans, a white singlet that had the word 'BROOKLYN' written on it. As I walked out my nude pumps made a clack, clack noise.As I arrived once again at the room, the teacher was already in there, I check my watch.. shit 5 minutes late.I walk in and look around the room, the back row was occupied... Wait is that... No way it can't be... Christian!"Princess, what are you here for?" Christian asks.The boys around him, glance at him.I take a seat a row in front in him."Boys this is Bella Bomba,"I glare at him, "Actually it's Bella O'Daylie,"Christian laughs, "Come on Princess, give me a break," He continues, "on my far right is Sam, close right is Winton, far left is Zach and close left is Timmy,"Sam had pale skin and blonde hair, his eyes were blue as the sky. Winton, wow! Was he hot!! Not as hot as Christian... I did not just say that... He had brown hair, tanned skin, muscled arms and brown eyes... Mmm...Zach was fidgeting and looked quite shy. He had sandy blonde hair and blue eyes I think.And then there was Timmy, he was tall and a very toned. His tanned skin matched his blue eyes and brown hair perfectly.Mmm... What a group.I stare the paper I had been given to fill out. "What you here for?" He asks again."Oh didn't I say? Oops," I place my hand over my mouth.The guys chuckle.Christian glares at them and they shut up."I'm here for falling asleep in class, lame I know," The guys just crack up laughing."Mr Hamilton and friends, would you like to be back at lunch time. Because I'm more than happy to drag you back here," the teacher eyes us.We shut up until he walks out of the classroom and start burst out laughing again.
A/NSo this is my new story, I found my other one hard to write as I had a lot of stuff going on. But I'm continuing  it, I've wrote up to chapter 6 so I'm getting there. I just haven't had any credit or internet for a while. But it's getting done! I hope you enjoy this story. Comment and vote!!Fun reading!!! Kate xx
Copying someone's work is not cool guys. So please don't do it. You might profit from it for sometime but you will never get the joy. Plagiarism is a crime. I have taken a lot of efforts to write this down and if someone copies it I will feel bad. 
Also if all you guys reading it find someone copying my stuff PLEASE tell me. It took a lot of grey cells for this book to come out!
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED©
Pieces of crumpled paper littered the bench around me making it look like a nor’easter had flown in from Antarctica.
It seemed that I wasn’t going to be able to jot one useful thing down today.  Too many thoughts cluttered my mind, none of which helping to conjure a single idea.  You’d think that a cluttered brain would help think of a story of some sort, but no.  I was stuck here buried in a pile of failed attempts to create something new.
I sighed, grabbing some wads of paper from beside me and setting them into the trashcan next to the bench.  I probably should have aimed for the trashcan the first time, but when I was aggravated I tended to crumble the sheets into balls and slam them beside me.  I could never understand why I did this, but I did.
Glowering, I began to recite what had happened just twenty minutes before.
“For the millionth time, I will not, nor will I ever, join the kissing booth for the carnival!”
Mira glared at me, placing her hands on her delicate hips.  For weeks she’d been nagging me to sign up with her so that she wouldn’t be alone.  No matter how many times I refused, she kept coming back.  She knew that I planned to have my first kiss in front of an altar, but still, she begged.  “Why not?” she whined.
“Um, does the ‘I’m going to have my first kiss when I get married’ thing not ring a bell to you?” I asked, shifting my bag on my shoulder.
We walked down the path, away from the building our seminar had been held in.  Silence was mandatory in the seminars, but when Mira and I both had one together, silence was the last thing on our minds.  We spoke in hushed voices through the whole thing, barely taking in what the speaker was saying.  The most we noticed about the professional standing on stage was his beard and thick eyebrows.  “Damn, he needs to pluck those things!” Mira had whispered.
“And does the, ‘That’s never gonna happen’ thing not ring a bell?” Mira rolled her eyes.  “You’re in college, Cass.  Everyone gets kissed in college!”
I rolled my eyes.  “I’m still not joining the kissing booth.”
Mira groaned, bringing a hand through her dark hair.  It was pulled into a messy bun today, though it didn’t look messy.  She managed to pull the look off very well with her tank top, shorts, and flip flops.  “You’re so stubborn!”
“And proud,” I said, smiling brightly at her.  
We continued down the path silently for a few moments.  My eyes flicked around the grounds, my gaze devouring everything in sight.  A group of boys were playing football, chuckling and guffawing as they tackled each other into the grass.  What kind of story idea could I get from men playing football?  I struggled to think of something, but failed.
“Drama!” Mira called out suddenly, flicking her wrist to the right.
My gaze turned to where Mira had been pointing.  I bit my lip, narrowing my eyes as I saw a short, blond girl chasing after a boy.  It wasn’t just any boy.  It was the boy that everyone seemed to be talking about these days.  Whether it was, “OMG he’s so hot!” or “Boo-hooey he brokey my hearty!”  There was always something going on with this guy.
“Sean is breakin’ another heart I see.”  Mira giggled giddily.  “Gosh I love drama!”
I scowled as the girl finally gave up, turning in the other direction, weeping uncontrollably.  It sickened me to my core that Sean could just dump people like that . . . and so casually too.  I’d seen him laugh and say, “Honey, you’re not cute enough for me.  Go date someone ugly.”
No Friends, Just Benefits
"Charlotte, what would you like?" Kelsey asked, grabbing my attention. I had spent the past twenty minutes staring at a fish tank, watching two fishes race. 
I ignored the weird look Evan, Kelsey's boyfriend, was giving me and forced a smile at her. "Were staying here? I thought we were gonna catch a movie or something..." I asked uncomfortably. 
Kelsey gave me an apologetic look, "Sorry Charlie, but Evan said he wanted to buy dinner and this place is so fancy!" she gushed. "So drinks?" 
"Coke, I guess." I shrugged and looked away from the suggestive looks Kelsey was getting from Evan. 
"Hilary, what about you?" Kelsey glanced over at our other friend who was sucking faces with Sam, her new beau. Yeah, I was pretty much the odd one out. Who needed love? 
Since Sam and Hilary were seated directly opposite me, I was long over feeling uncomfortable. In fact, I felt somewhat queasy. I pushed myself away from the oak table and stood up. 
I tugged at my hot pink summer dress and grabbed my clutch. "You know what, Kelso? I think I'll just go take a walk. Im not feeling too well.." I said honestly. 
Kelsey made a face that showed somewhat of her worry. She knew I was feeling awkward. "Where will you go?" she asked unsure. 
I pursed my lips and looked around. "There's a bar right there, just across the street. They're playing some good music, I'll just chill there. If I need anything, you guys are right here. Maybe you guys can come when ya'll are done with dinner!" I offered. 
Hilary furrowed her brows, "Sounds good to me." The boys made sounds of agreement, but I figured they were just hungry and wanted me to leave already. 
I grinned in relief and turned to look at Kelsey over my shoulder. "Just a phonecall away!" I yelled at her before scurrying across the street. 
The night club was flashing with neon strobe lights as a bunch of people were lined up, waiting to enter. Thank goodness I knew Josh, the bouncer, otherwise I'd be one of the hundreds of people waiting to get in. Friday nights, I swear. 
"Hey, Josh!" I greeted as I sauntered towards him. Joshua had curly blonde hair and deep brown eyes, not to mention a hot body. But I guess that was one of the requirements of being a bouncer. He was also the older brother of one of my good friends at school, which would explain how I got into this club without needing the fake ID at hand. 
He looked up at me just as he shooed away a bunch of underaged kids. "Hey, Charlie!" he grinned broadly and motioned for me to come up. "How's it going? Haven't seen you in a while." he commented thoughtfully. 
I shrugged, "Yeah... Well I just got over with exams! Summer, here I come." I said more to myself than to him. He still laughed, nonetheless. 
"So, coming in for some fun?" he asked, feigning disappointment. He shook his head and his curls bounced from side to side. I couldn't help but roll my eyes and laugh at him. 
"Yeah... My best friends dragged me out on a double date. And I'm single." I muttered. He chuckled and stepped aside, stamping my wrist with the familiar red ink. 
"Well don't over drink or have too much fun," he reminded. "Oh, and say hi to my brother for me." I nodded and thanked him as I entered the dark club that was literally pounding from the intensity of the music. 
Chris Brown's song Beautiful People had just started up and a bunch of people were crowding the dance floor. I shoved through them towards the bar and took a seat on one of the high chairs opposite the counter. I threw a hand up and waved at Aaron, one of the many bartenders I knew here. 
Chapter 1 - Love and War
~~A Week Earlier - Ace's POV~~
"I don't care what you have to say son, I'm picking a wife for you and that's that," My father, Ron Daniels, shouted at me but at the same time he tried to stay calm. My eyes traveled to my mom's, who was massaging his shoulders trying to keep him calm.
 "I'm afraid your father's right son," Mom sighed, coming to my side; where I sat on the opposite side of father's desk, "We don't want you to keep bringing different girls home every week.....o-or staying out past midnight."
 Mother placed her hands on mine, noticing that my hands were starting to tremble from anger.
 "I'm already 18, I can do whatever I please," I snarled, rising from my seat, looking at the shocked face on my father. After taking one last look at my mother, who's heart seemed to look as if it had sunk when I had said those words.
 "Why you son of a---," My father shouted as I left his office.
 I loved my parents to death but telling me that I should marry out of no where was something I couldn't follow.
~~A Week Later - Abrielle's POV~~
"Hey scholar!" a blond bimbo by the name of Cassidy called me, loud enough for everyone down the hall to hear.
I had just transferred to Harlock Academy as a scholarship student, and already everyone in the school knows. I mean why is it so bad? My family was middle class, but it obviously still seemed "poor" on their list.
 Ugh! I hated this school so much already. Every corner you turn there were snobby rich kids ready to eat you alive or something. It made me want to take a gigantic lawn mower and clear the hall of these arrogant-headed people. Especially Cassidy and her blond army. I know it was violent and murderous but still!
 The reason why I'm at this horrid school was because my parents were proud of me in getting in. They tell me how I'm the most wonderful daughter in the world and even bought me a new white 32 GB IPhone 4, how can I disappoint them now?!
 Funny how I was so popular when I attended my old school, West Hill High, and now I'm at the bottom of the list. They can seriously kiss my ----
 The bell started to ring violently and everyone started to clear the halls. With that I sighed and headed to my first class, math. All 25 pair of eyes rested on me as I took my seat. What the hell are they laughing about?
 "Excuse me?" a blond girl with baby blue eyes tapped my shoulder. I gave her an angry look that made her jump in her seat a little.
 "Um....there's a......here," she said, reaching behind my back and pulling off a piece of paper.
 She held it in front of me and I gasped feeling embarrassement rush through me. The words read, SCHOLARSHIP STUDENT, in big bold letters. The girl flinched when I furiously snatched the paper from her hands and crumpled it up. The whole class started to laugh except for the blond girl who helped me out. At this moment, I was like a pissed off bull ready to charge at someone.
 "Settle down class, I know your all excited for my lesson and all," Mrs. Florence remarked entering the class, " Now lets get started, who could tell me the answer of this problem.....if f(x) = x^4 - x + 2 then what does f(-x) equal?"
 Mrs. Florence starts to scan her beady eyes, looking at each and everyone of us. I sank down in my seat, praying she wouldn't call me.
 "Abrielle!" she cheerfully calls on me.
 Great! Thanks for putting me on the spotlight!
 "Uh........uh....," I hesitated not wanting to sound intelligent.
 "Come on I know you know this, your the top student in this class," she pointed out.
 Jeez, thanks again lady! That really helped more!
 I sighed giving in, " x^4 + x + 2."
 "Very good! I knew I could count on you!" she exclaimed.
 "Teacher's pet," a jock called me under his breath from behind, everyone heard except Mrs. Florence and started laughing.
 I rolled my eyes letting out a huge sigh while holding back the tears. Usually I wasn't like this. Back at my old school I wasn't afraid to speak my mind but I wasn't a bitch either, only to the people that tried to put me down. However, at this hell hole, they overwhelmed me to the limit.
 After class, I rushed out of there before anyone else.
 "Hey!" someone called from behind but I just kept walking, "Wait up!"
 The person pulled my shoulder back so I would face her.
 "What?!" I angrily spoke, trying to stay calm.
 "I just wanted to say.....don't listen to what people say, there just self conscious so they have to pick on others," she said with a nice smile.
 "T-thanks?" I raised an eyebrow, wondering why she was being so nice.
 "I'm Jadine," she said and gave me a look as if to ask, 'whats your name'?
 "I'm Abrielle," I gave a weak smile, "But call me Elle if you want."
 "Cool," she smiled sweetly, her baby blue eyes twinkling.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
School passed quickly, thank goodness, but I was even more pissed than this morning. Cassidy and her barbie army thought it would be funny to purposely make me trip in the cafeteria, making my soup pour all over me. Of course everyone laughed but the only person to help was Jadine.
 We've already become good friends and I've told her about how my life was perfect at my old school, then transferring here because of how proud my parents were that I got a scholarship to the most elite school. Jadine was a rich girl of the Daniels family, but I've never heard of them though. What I know is that her family owned high class hotels through out the nation.
 At least she wasn't snotty, self centered, and a bitch.
 "Scholar, did you like meeting the floor earlier?" Cassidy cackled with her friends in the most annoying way possible. I shot her a devious smile. Keep on laughing because one day I'll show you how I'm feeling now. They stopped laughing and blinked confusingly as I made my way out of the school.
 It was early December in California right now, but in this weather you could be wearing shorts and a tank top. The cool breeze hit my face which I gently inhaled. Calm down, I told myself, remembering everything that had happened today.
 I marched towards my 2004 KIA spectra, (which I really need an upgrade), but suddenly bumped into someone, making me drop all my books. The guy didn't even bother to say sorry but instead rudely told me to watch where I was going, and that totally triggered something inside me.
 "Pick it up," I growled at him as he was about 5 feet away.
 He stopped in his path and turned around scowling at me, "What?"
 "You heard me, are you deaf?!" my voice started to get louder.
 "Do you know who I am?!" he said, even louder.
 Damn, how arrogant can this guy be?
 "I don't care who the hell you are! Now pick the damn books up like you shouldv'e!" I snapped, and we both had a stare down, other students started looking our way.
 In the end I won and he gave in, picking my books up, "Is there an apology?"
 "Sorry," He narrowed his eyes, giving me a death glare and shoving it in my arms. he walked away slowly grumbling something to himself and getting into a high class limo.
 I scoffed," Rich people."
"Setiap melihatmu,
Kenapa jantungku berdetak dengan kencang? Inikah yang dinamakan cinta?"
.
.
>><3
Perlahan, sang mentari pagi mulai menampakkan dirinya. Terlihat, ada kilauan sinar berwarna orange keemasan yang melintasi setiap celah ventilasi rumah.
Terdengar dengan indah, suara nyanyian burung-burung yang mengepakkan kedua sayapnya di sekitar atap ruang makan.
Dan, secangkir hot vanilla latte yang ditemani roti panggang isi keju kesukaanku. Ahh, sabtu pagi ini sangat indah ; 99% mostly perfect.
Hai, perkenalkan. Namaku, Shania Junianatha. Kalian bisa memanggilku dengan nama, Shania atau Shanju.
Aku merupakan seorang mahasiswi yang kuliah di jurusan pendidikan dokter universitas swasta daerah Jakarta Utara. Saat ini, aku baru semester dua.

[ My Lovely ]
Good morning, sayang :")
Kamu udah bangun belum nih?
Btw, ada kelas engga?
Jalan yuk? Aku libur kuliah nih.

Beberapa detik, aku menunggu balasan chat dari pacarku. Sampai akhirnya, hatiku bahagia saat dia langsung membalasnya.

[ My Lovely ]
"Pagi juga, sayangku :") "
"Udah dong!"
"Emangnya kamu, masih nempel di kasur? :p "
"Duh, maaf banget nih, yang."
"Hari ini aku ada kegiatan full day sama anak-anak BEM."
Jadi, engga bisa mingguan juga ntar malem? :"(
"Iyah :"( Maaf yah, sayang?"
Kalau gitu, besok kosongin jadwal ya?
"Oh ya, by the way acara BEM tuh nginep."
"Aku pulangnya besok siang. Capek."
"Maaf yah? Senin aja, gimana?"
"Bebas deh, kalau kamu mau manja-manjaan seharian sama aku."
Senin aku full.
Hmm...
Kamu sibuk terus. Nyebelin.
Anyway, kamu ada yang lain ya?
"Yaampun? Enggak, sayang."
"Beneran deh."
"Kamu tanya Vino, kalau emang nggak percaya."
Iya, aku percaya sama kamu.
Have fun ya.
"Makasih, sayang :* "
"Chatnya nanti lagi yah? Aku berangkat dulu."
"Love you :* :* "
End chat.

Hhh...
Aku menghela napas, lalu menghembuskannya dengan kasar. Ada sebongkah rasa kecewa yang menyelinap masuk begitu saja ke dalam jantung hatiku.
Jason Cavern- 23, out of college (graduated early), oldest sibling, is a therapist (shrink) likes sports, over protective of all siblings ,is like a father figure, most mature, most strict, but can be a softy.
Emmett Cavern- 22, in college, 2nd oldest, likes sports, like Jason he is over protective of all siblings, he's like a mom figure (if that makes sense?), is mature but likes to have fun, works as a counselor, strict, but will do anything for his siblings.
Cole Cavern- 20, stays at home for now, 3rd oldest, works at a bakery (random job), likes sports , over protective of younger siblings, loves to tease his siblings, likes to have fun, acts manly but is a teddy bear.
Collin Cavern- 17, junior in high school, 4th oldest, loves sports, plays basketball and football (American football), over protective of younger siblings, popular, outgoing,is Williams twin.
William Cavern- 17, junior in high school, 5th oldest, loves sports, plays football(American football) and baseball, over protective of younger siblings, popular, Collins twin(younger by 11 minutes).
Colton Cavern- 16, sophomore in high school, 6th oldest, loves sports, plays soccer(or football in england), over protective of younger siblings, popular.
Logan Cavern- 14- 8th grade in middle school, 7th oldest, loves sports, plays a lot of sports, outgoing, over protective of his twin, popular.
Lilian Cavern-14, 8th grade in middle school, youngest, loves sports, plays soccer (football), shy, loves reading, hates the spotlight, is not really popular, is bullied, loves her brothers a lot.
A/NHey guys! This is my first story, so please no hate. Anddd yeah. Feel free to message me if you have any questions.
~~~~

Once again, another weird prologue thingy... Also, there are poarts where the narrative might seem a little rambly or silly, but that is because I'm writing in first person and the main character is somewhat drunk at one point...
Excuse the mistakes

~~~~


In this world, there are many types of drunk people.
There are the people who ride the emotional roller coaster when they're drunk, and there are people who just think every single thing is the most hilarious joke they've ever heard. In addition to the silly drunks and emotional drunks, there are the tired drunks, who just pass out in a corner after a few drinks.
My favorite kind of drunks are the ones who think they are the greatest dancers in the world. After a couple of drinks, this class of drunks likes to show off their moves. They think they're the next Usher or Pussycat Doll, but in reality, they're usually humping a chair or look like they're having a seizure.
These drunks, and many other types, were in full force at my Aunt Jenna's wedding reception.
For the past couple of days, I'd been carted from one venue to the next, since I was in the bridal party and had to be present at every event, like the rehearsal dinner, the bachelorette party, and more. My body, which had been shoved into the bridesmaid's dress from hell, was about ready to give out.
I'd tried telling my aunt that this kind of stress was really bad for a seventeen-year-old, but of course, I was family, and family had to participate.
"Harper!"       
My mom wove through the crowd of people on the dance floor, and she plopped down in the vacant chair next to me. "Hey Mom," I said, glancing over at her. When I saw her slightly scared expression, I frowned. "What's wrong?" I asked, and she groaned.
"Your father," my mom said, closing her eyes, "Has discovered that the bar doesn't have a drink limit."
I laughed out loud and grinned. My dad was by no means an alcoholic, but on special occasions, he would get drunk to the point of doing insane things. At a family reunion a couple of years ago, my dad had actually stripped to his underwear with his brothers, who were equally as drunk, and they took off streaking down the street.
To say my mom had been embarrassed would be an understatement.
"Nice speech by the way," I said, remembering the touching toast my mom had given, since she was Aunt Jenna's big sister and maid of honor. "Avoiding the slutty college years was probably a good choice."
"That's what I thought," my mom replied, chuckling. Aunt Jenna hadn't exactly been a saint in high school and through college, but when she'd met Doug, her new husband, Aunt Jenna had cleaned up her act. After two years, they were married, and I was really happy for them.
Plus, her wedding gave me an excuse to miss a week of school, since I lived in upstate New York, and Aunt Jenna's wedding was in Las Vegas.
As I pulled took a sip of champagne, which my mom thought was sparkling apple cider, I caught sight of my dad on the dance floor. "Um, Mom," I said, looking over at her.
"Yeah?" she replied, and I pointed to my dad, who looked like he was searching for someone. "Shit," my mom whispered, and she jumped to her feet. "Your dad's been trying to make me dance all night, and by dance, I mean either dry hump or do the Macarena in front of a large crowd."
Son bölümden itibaren hayali senaryodur....--------------------------------------------------Eylül, Serkan'a çok kızgındır. Çünkü o annesi ve kardeşleriyle uğraşırken Serkan sadece onun başkasından hoşlanıp hoşlanmadığını düşünmektedir. Onu anlayan bir tek Atakan vardır.
MAJOR NOTE
If you are looking for a perfect book, with no grammar issues, no phrasing issues, and sometimes getting a characters name off. 
Then I recommend you stop reading now.
I am not a perfect writer, not by any means. There are going to be mistakes, and if you can't take that, maybe you shouldn't be reading on Wattpad. Because this a place to LEARN and not to BE PERFECT. If you're a perfect writer, send me a link to your published book and I'd be happy to read it.  
I have heard the whole "If you can't take it, then don't put your books in public."  crap. 
There is a difference between CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM ans just CRITICISM. 
There are so many writers on here that don't know the difference, and if you're one of them, please refrain from reading this or any other book on her that isn't actually physically published. Because everybody makes mistakes, even Dan Brown and Stephen King and Stephine Meyer.
For those of you that are the great people that don't put people's work down, continue on! I'd love to hear your opinion. You guys are great. 
Thanks for your consideration
ChasingMadness24 (Kyra)




Copyright
The moral right of the author has been asserted. All rights reserved. This story is published subject to the condition that is shall not be reproduced or re transmitted in whole or in part, in any manner, without the written consent of the copyright holder, and any infringement of this is a violation of copyright law.
A single copy of the materials available in this story may be made, solely for personal, noncommercial use. Individuals must preserve any copyright or other notices contained in or associated with them. Users may not distribute said copies to others, whether or not in electronic form or hard copy, without prior written consent of the copyright holder of the materials.

Hope you guys enjoy!! 
Let me know what you think!

~ChasingMadness24
Danielle 
"Hey Danny" I heard from behind me. Then comes Chaz creeping up behind me. "There's my favorite Lesbian" 
I looked him in the eyes. "I'm the only Lesbian you talk to" I laughed at his stupidity. "Besides Carly" 
"Right her, speaking of her" He was looking past me. I turned around and saw Carly and her two followers walking down the hall. 
Carly is like the Queen bee of the school. She's head of the Cheer leading squad. Every girl wants to be her and every guy wants to be inside of her. It's to bad she's a lesbian. She's non the most in the school, well right behind me. She's my girlfriend I think I'm not sure though. 
"Hey baby" Carly said as she approached me. "Carly" I looked at her followers. "Thing 1" I said to Katy "thing 2" I said to Jessie. Their twins. 
"Sup Carly" we all looked at Chaz. She didn't say anything, she just walked away. She doesn't necessarily like him any more. But we not gone get into that. 
In homeroom we had to take a test. "Pssst" I called out to Rebecca. She's one of those people who never says yes. She looked at me with a smirk. "No" She turned around. "Can I at least ask first" I whispered. She looked at me again. 
"Can I have a-"
"No" She turned back around. She's cute but stuck up. 
I looked around the room and saw a new girl. She had on glasses and her hair was in a messy bun. She not all that but she rocking them American flags over all's. And don't even get me started on them costume made all stars. 
I moved my chair closer to her. "Hey" I said making her look up from her test. She had bright green eyes. "Hi" She looked back down at her test. "I'm Danny" she looked up at me then sighed. "Pencil?" She asked. I nodded then smiled. She dug in her pocket and pulled out a pencil. I grabbed it and thanked her. 
At lunch I met up with Chaz and Christan at our normal table. "Wassup guys" I said as I sat down. Chaz was looking at something instead of speaking to me. "Yo what he looking at?" I asked at I followed his eye line. 
"That girl with the glasses and messy bun" Devin said as he sat down. "He's been looking at her all this time? I thought he was looking at Carly" Christan said. 
"It's something about her... She didn't even care that I talked to her earlier" I mumbled. Everybody laughed as I stood up "I got chu Chaz" I said as I walked backwards to the girl with the glasses.
When I turned around a tray  smashed against my shirt. When it fell to the ground all you saw was mash potatoes with gravy, and Mystery meat on my shirt. 
"Dude!" I shouted then looked up and saw the girl with the messy bun standing there covering her mouth. "I'm so sorry" She said then ran off. I looked around and saw everybody looking at me. I looked down and saw my Jordan's covered in Food. "What!" They all looked away. 
I walked out the lunchroom and into the bathroom. I was whipping my self when I heard little sniffles coming from a bathroom stale. I turned around and opened the stales. The last one was locked. 
"Hey.. who's in here?" I asked but no answer. "Why are you crying?" I asked but no answer. "Listen.... if this is the girl that dropped stuff on me it's okay. Your good, I'm good, come out so we can talk" I said then the door unlocked. 
I backed away so she could walk out. The door opened and came out the girl. "Sorry again" she said then whipped her tears away. "We're good, but why you crying?"
"Because I hate it here" she said then leaned against the sink. I walked to the sink and sat on it. "I know that feeling" I said as I tilted my head on the mirror. "I used to be where you are"
She looked up at me. "When everybody found out I was a lesbian they talked Shit, and tried to bully me" I said. she lifted an eyebrow. "But everybody likes you" she said then folded her arms. 
"I know, I was in the 9 grade when they found out. When I got in 11th grade I changed my looks, and stop trying to fit in with girls. I started to work out and stop listening to the hate. When this year started everybody wanted to be with me. Even the straight girls"
"I gotta question..." she said as she bit her lip. "When you go to the bathroom do you go to the boys or girls?" She smiled. 
I grinned at her. " I usually go to the teachers bathroom" I said making her laugh. The bell rang "I should head to class, bye" she said as she left. 
I got off the sink and walked out the bathroom. Carly walked up to me. "Why we're you in there with her?" She asked then folded her arms. I smiled then stuffed my hands in the pockets. 
"I was cheering her up" I said then kissed her cheek. "Don't get jealous" I said then walked away. 
After school I drove Carly home and then went home. I live by myself, I moved after my dad told me to be straight or leave. I can provide for myself. 
When I parked my car I saw a U-haul truck next door. They were unpacking stuff. A women that looked like she was in her early 40's came outside helping them. New neighbors? Cool 
"Was machst du hier?" fragte ich meinen Freund immer noch übermüdet von der gestrigen Party. "Ich hatte dich vermisst" sagte er schulterzuckend und beugte sich zu mir hinunter, um mir einen Kuss auf die Lippen zu geben. Ich grinste in den Kuss hinein und bat ihn dann in mein Zimmer herein. Meine Zimmernachbarin war nicht im Zimmer und es interessierte mich auch nicht wirklich wo sie sich befand. 
"ich bin gleich wieder da" sagte ich, da ich gerade dabei war, mich im Bad anzuziehen. 
Ich eilte dorthin und schlüpfte in eine Jeans und in einen Pullover, der niemand anderem als Adam gehört. 
Sofort umhüllte mich sein Geruch und ich atmete noch einmal seine Duft ein bevor ich mir meine Bürste schnappte und meine Haare durchkämmte. 
Als ich mit allem fertig war, lief ich zurück in das Zimmer. Adam saß wie vorhin auf meinem Bett und hatte sein Handy in der Hand.
Er tippe darauf herum und schaute irgendwann ungläubig darauf. 
Seim Kopf drehte sich zu mir und ich fragte mich, was passiert war. So hatte ich ihn noch nie zuvor gesehen. 
In seinen Augen spiegelten sich viele Emotionen und Gefühle. Er sah verletzt aus und ich wusste nicht was war. 
Vorsichtig näherte ich mich ihm und wollte ihn fragen, was passiert war, doch er kam mir zuvor. 
Seine Stimme klang brüchig, verletzt und die Worte ließen mich noch verwirrter als zuvor. 
"Wie konntest du mir so etwas nur antun?" 
---Eine kurze Preview ich weiß, aber ich wollte nicht so viel verraten. Außerdem hatte ich heute nicht so viel Zeit, weil ich Latein und Chemie lernen musste, weil ich morgen Latein schreibe und Chemie nachschreiben muss.
Die nächsten Kapitel werden ein paar Wochen vorher sein, bevor das alles passiert. 
Ich hoffe, dass alle die Geschichte weiterlesen und sich freuen, dass es doch weitergeht mit den beiden❤Hoffe ihr votet und kommentiert so fleißig wie beim ersten Teil ❤Das erste richtige Kapitel wird irgendwann nächste Woche kommen.
Cover -> Mrsvna ❤(Schaut mal bei ihr vorbei💞)
Dear reader,
Thanks for deciding to give Leap Before You Look a shot! Sorry to say updates will probably not be very fast... The only promise I will give is that I'll finish this book sooner or later. I do have two other already finished LGBT+ themed books up on my profile. If you don't like to wait, maybe you could give those a try. Or take a peek at my reading lists. :)
This book is a first draft. Each chapter is fresh off the press. There are bound to be mistakes, and the writing won't be the most polished. As always, feel more than free to point out mistakes, plot holes, and/or offer other criticism. I welcome it, and I'm not particularly sensitive.
Well, if I haven't scared you off yet with all of this: I hope you'll enjoy!
-Eden
Wanna hear a tale about drugs, lust, and betrayal? As far back as I can remember I have felt like I was fighting, fighting for peace, fighting for love, fighting for a place to feel secure. There were nights when I couldn't sleep for hearing my mama and her man argue, curse, and physically fight. 
Nights where my nerves were racked, scared I would be awakened to my mother beating me about one thing or another. Years of feeling lashes of her belt across my back as she called me everything but her child. I felt everything but love. That's all I ever wanted.
Karma Jones is about her business. That's how a lot of people would describe me. I can't lie. I'm definitely about getting to the money. I found myself affiliated with some major hustlers only a couple years ago and now I'm deep in the game. At 24 years old I damn sure could be doing worse. I could be fucked up like a lot of these hoes I know. That's why I go so hard.
If need be I'ma do what I gotta do to get what the fuck I gotta get. Hell naw I ain't depending on a man to take care of me. Fuck laying on my back for a happy meal or sucking dick for an outfit out of a store where these broke bitches buy they food and they cheap ass clothes. 
I could say I wasn't raised like that but that's a got damn lie. Most parents say do as I say and not as I do. Hey, I said fuck yo words and yo actions 'cause you ain't shit and ain't got shit worth a damn to show for the shit you do. 
I grew up in a house where a bitch was glad to lay on her back for a few dollars and dropped to her knees at the very thought of one of her habits being supported. I almost went down that same past my damn self but I had a rude awakening and got on my shit. 
That's why it ain't too many bitches I like or respect. These hoes so worried 'bout running down a dick or trying to trap a man with a fucking baby that he may or may not do a damn thing for. If the nigga do take care of the damn baby don't mean he want yo hoe ass and damn sure don't mean he gone change. 
That's why I focus on doing me and getting mine. Fuck what the next muthafucka think. I got a small crew and we keep shit tight. My motto is get money or get gone. Shit that's where a lot of em go wrong. They wondering what a muthafucka can do for them. Bitch what can you do for yo damn self? That's been my focus. I remember when I use to be a lil girl in my mama house; she didn't give a shit about me so I had to give a shit about my damn self. 
I sat at the kitchen table mindlessly twirling the locket on the necklace Grandma Jean gave me for my 12th birthday. On a normal Saturday evening, we would be baking pies for church or out working in the garden but that was all over. She looked like she was sleeping lying there in that pearly white box. 
She was wearing her favorite white dress, the one with the pearl flowers beaded on the top. I knew she would want to be wearing it if that was the last thing people were gone see her in. Sitting on her head was the white hat with the pink and white orchids that all the ladies at church were jealous of. 
Grandma Jean would say "They always asking where I get my hats. I special order my hats. I can't tell them where I get em. All they would do is mess em up with the wrong shoes anyway." Grandma Jean loved to dress up. She would make sure her shoes matched her dresses that even matched her purses perfectly.
"Get your bookbag," Mama sashayed into the kitchen wearing one of her short dresses Grandma always fussed about. She took the plastic cover off a cake and took a precut slice. Auntie Liz, grandma's sister from New York or somewhere  just  rolled her eyes. 
"Come on don't just sit your ass there looking stupid" she fussed, as I pushed my chair back and went and got my bag off Grandma Jean's doorknob. "Your grandma got you thinking you ain't got to listen to nobody," she said slamming the car door after I got in. "Put on yo seat belt." She glanced in the back seat. She didn't need her seat belt, I assumed, as she peeled out of the driveway without it. 
"I didn't mean to!" I clearly remember scrambling on the floor picking up the Apple Jacks that I had just poured.
​"Yes you did you! Yes hell you did little ungrateful bitch! I work all night long to feed yo lil greedy ass and you don't give a damn all you care about is what you want!"
​While spinning around to open the refrigerator, I had knocked my bowl to the floor, jarring my mama from her nap on the couch and throwing her into her usual rage. I attempted to get up from the floor and she hit me across my head causing me to plunge back to the floor landing hard on my butt.
​"You wanna live like a fucking animal, from now on stay your ass on the floor." She spat throwing the box of cereal on the floor. "Clean this shit up and keep yo nasty ass off my furniture." As if she lived in a mansion or something even close. I scurried around on the floor making sure to pick up every crumb. When I saw her flop back down on the couch, I took the box of cereal and went back to my room.
​ I shook my head to wipe out the memory of one of my last extended stays at my mama's house. That was more than three years ago. I pretty much lived at Grandma Jean's since I was old enough to go to school and rarely stayed at my mama's. 
We both stayed with Grandma Jean for a while. They would always fight about my mama not watching me and always being gone plus Grandma Jean said she wouldn't help pay no bills all she wanted to do was lay up. After a while it was just me and Grandma Jean.  All of that would be changing I guess. 

          “This is beyond ridiculous.” I mutter under my breath, as I look down at my cell phone, seeing that I only have about thirty minutes until we have to go.
          “McKenna, you might actually have a lot of fun this summer.” My mother says in her stupid soft voice as she folds a pair of my shorts and puts them in my suitcase.
          “Doubt it.” I tell her.
          “But you love California.” She says.
          “But I hate the O’Connor’s.” I remind her.
          “McKenna.” She says sternly.
          “Well it’s true. They tortured me as a kid.”
          “They did not torture you.”
I nod, “Yeah, they kinda did.”
My mom sighs, “Honey this will be an amazing experience for you.”
          “Why don’t you come, and then you can see why I hate them so much. And plus I haven’t seen them in seven years.”
          “I’m going to Brazil.”
          “So you keep reminding me.”
          “I told you that you were welcome to come to Brazil with Phil and me.”
I fake gag, “And be a third wheel? No thanks.”
Phil isn’t my dad nor will he ever be. Phil is my mom’s husband. My dad died eleven years ago when I was six in a car accident. Not even two years after my dad’s funeral, my mom and Phil got together. They work together and as she says, “Sparks just…flew.” Gross, right? Not that I don’t like Phil. I mean, he’s a nice guy I guess, but he’s tries to tell me what to do like he’s my dad. I mean, of course I want my mother to be happy, but I just wish she could be happy with someone else who isn’t Phil.
The O’Connor’s are the children of my mom’s best friend, Sarah O’Connor. As I said, they tortured me as a kid. Don’t get me wrong; I love Sarah. She’s amazing. I figure that if she and my mother had been around the house more often, then maybe her stupid children wouldn’t have tortured me so much. My mom and I used to drive out to California and stay with them for the summer when I younger. My brother would come some times, but usually he stayed home with Phil. We did it until I was age seven, when driving out to California got to be too expensive. When my dad died, we lost a lot of money. Well of course we had life insurance on him, but my mom spent most if not all of that on material things. She bought a house and two new cars. Not one, but two. Why? I don’t know. I mean, I was only six, it’s not like I could drive. My door opens without warning and Phil is standing there with a smile on his face, “All ready to go McKenna?” He asks in a cherry tone.
I shrug, putting on a sarcastic smile, “As ready as I’ll ever be!” I reply, mocking his cherry voice.
He sighs and looks down at my three suitcases which are on the floor, zipped and ready to go. See, even though I’m seventeen years old, and will be a senior in high school next year, my mother doesn’t think I’m ‘mature’ enough to stay home alone for three months. I’m like, come on. It’s not like I’ll go crazy and have a party every night. Jeez, I’m not stupid. I’d at least space them out and have one like every three weeks. But anyways, since I’m not ‘mature’ enough, I’m being shipped to California to stay with Sarah and her stupid family. Phil and my mom will be gone to Brazil for the entire three month summer vacation. They work for the school district, meaning they have the summer out. So while they’re vacationing in Brazil, I’ll be dying painfully slow in California. And it’s not even what’d you’d expect. You’d expect them to live in a well-known California town. Los Angles, San Francisco, maybe  San Diego. But no. Wanna know where the stupid O’Connor’s live? The stupid O’Connor’s live in Vernon, California. Ever heard of it? No? It’s okay, I’d never heard of it either before we started going there. It’s five miles south of L.A., so hopefully I’ll be able to spend quite a bit of time there rather than in Vernon.
Hello digital people in front of a computer screen or phone screen! Welcome to this new story that I, Daisy (or _trusted) have made. At the time I read a bunch of billionaire or millionaire (or whateverinaire), and decided to write this. There's a bunch of lovestories with rich people and normal people, I decided to change that up a bit (I don't know if someone had the same idea, but I didn't know!)
(All chapters or parts will be edited after the completion on the whole book and/or story.)
BE PATIENT! I'm a slow writer and stuff, give it a chance if you like the plot. I want this to be like 20-30 chapters. Some facts may not be correct but oh well, it's a fictional world, fiction not being real. But there is realistic fiction...
This goes for every chapter, I don't own any quotes or features in any of the parts.
Since I'm an idiot, I don't know when I started to post this, so let's just say that I started October 2015. 
Okay? 
Okay. 
I bet you didn't read any of that. But anyway byeeeeeeeee
If life has taught me one thing in the meager twenty-two years I've been alive, it was that fire is a savage beast, paying no heed to the lives it tears apart, nor the damage it inflicts both physically and mentally on its victims. Of course, that's to be expected, since fire is an inanimate element, and therefore has no reason to care, but that's beside the point. The point is, while fire might seem harmless when you light up a candle, or cigarette, there is always the chance of it spiraling out of control.
            Which is the exact reason why my sixteen-year-old brother and I were currently uprooting ourselves from our rundown apartment and relocating to a minute house across town that our recently deceased Grandma had left to us. At first I'd refused to inherit it, I had been doing fine on my own, thank you very much, but then, about a week prior to the move, my irresponsible neighbors had picked up booze, smoking, and crazy bonfires in our tiny backyard, so I'd determined the apartment wasn't safe enough for my measly family (that consisted of my brother, myself, and our cat, Sherlock) anymore. One idiotic party of theirs could equal the whole apartment burning down.
Besides, the mortgage had already been paid off on the house.
And I wouldn't have to worry about any dumbass neighbors setting it on fire.
            "Is that the last box, Dustin?" I called to my brother, wiping the sweat off my forehead. It was an unusually summery day for the tail end of August. The type of day I wished I was spending lounging poolside with a pair of sunglasses and my iPod cranked to maximum volume to block out life. Yeah, one of those days. Too bad I didn't own a pool... or sunglasses for that matter.
            "Yeah," he grunted back, plopping it into the back of my aging, black Jeep Cherokee. With his arms free, he crossed them over his chest, his hazel eyes narrowing down at me. "Not that we have that much to begin with..."
            I ignored his remark, unclipping my keys from my belt loop. So what if we didn't have much? At least we had something. Something is much better than nothing. "Sherlock's in the backseat?"
            "Can't you hear him crying? He doesn't want to be in that stupid carrier, Kate."
            Rolling my eyes, I slipped into the driver's side of the Jeep, shoving the key into the ignition. "Get in. I want to unpack and settle in before night falls."
            "I don't see why we can't just stay here," he muttered, ever feeling the need to complain about everything. It must be a teenager thing. "They're only smoking. Second hand smoke won't kill us."
            "No," I said agreeably, "it won't. However, the fire that could start if they leave a cigarette unattended though? Or the effects second-hand smoke would have on us? Yeah, that might."
            He snorted, pressing his forehead against the cool glass window. "You're so paranoid."
            "I think I have a right to be," I snapped at him, twisting the car key and starting the engine. The belt squealed a little bit and I winced, knowing I'd have to get that checked out soon. Which meant coughing up money to some mechanic that would probably only need three seconds to figure out the problem.
"Why's that?" Dustin drawled, and I knew he was just being bitchy because we're moving. And I couldn't blame him. I hate moving too, but there was nothing I could really do about it.
"I'm sure I don't need you to remember how Mom died," I said softly, hoping to stifle his complaints.
            That sent him into a guilty silence. Misery and some guilt of my own settled into my stomach, and I regretted my words instantly. It was an unspoken rule between us never to bring up our mom. Yet, here I was, bringing it up to silence my brother. Great sister I am. She might have died four years ago now, but it was still a sore subject.
“Adrianna hurry up!” I hear my dad yell from 2 floors down. I grab the last box in my new/old room. We were only here for 3 months. Not its one of our longest. My dad says this last move will be our last. But he says that all the time.
    I walk down the stairs and out to the limo.
The butler takes the box from my hands and walks it to the moving van. Yeah butler i know WTF right. I never wanted this. I want a normal family. Parents who take interest in me. Love me. Actually care about me and my feelings.
    I hop into the limo where my mom is on her phone and my dad is reading the paper.
“So i got a letter from Harvard who says there may be an opening for me.” I say waiting for my parents to respond.
    “For what?” My dad asks lowering his newspaper glaring at me
“Um….music. I was hoping you would change your mind-” He cuts me off.
“No! No music! Its  waste of your time! Your practising to become a doctor. I'll accept lawer! But no daughter of mine will be a worthless musician!” He yells his cheeks turning red. He feels very strongly about this.
   “Yes sir.” I say s i sit further back in my seat. My mom looks at me with sadness, or maybe disappointment…….I can never tell. The limo starts on its way. Get ready for a full on uncomfortable trip.
We finally stop. I walk out to see a huge house. Not the biggest i've ever lived in but close.
“Do you like it?” My dd asks me.
   I nod as i walk in.
“Ill find my room.” I say as i walk up the stairs. I find a room with my stuff already set up. I plop down on my bed and cry. I dont want to be a doctor. And i dont want to be a lawyer. I want to sing. But thats not a choice in my family.
     I walk to my closet and pull on sweat pants and a tank top. I walk downstairs to an empty house. I walk over to the fridge where theres a note.
    Adrianna your father had a meeting and i went to get some groceries.Under no circumstances are you to leave this house.
                        Love mom.
I walk back upstairs and lay down. After a while i drift off into deep sleep.
I sat in the judge's office while he looked over my papers. He would occasionally look up at me then clear his throat then continue to read. I sat there patiently waiting for him to make his decision. Finally, he set the papers back down on his desk and looked up at me.
"I believe you will do well on your own, Ms. Roberts," he said, "but do you have a place to live?"
"Well, not at the moment but I'm sure Mr. Martin will let me stay with him until I find a place," I said.
"A job?" he asked.
"Yes, I start work at the nursery Wednesday," I said, "it offers insurance. So, I'm good on that note."
"Good, but unfortunately I can't sign this paper until you have a solid place to live," he said.
"Okay I'll just come back when I have a place," I said.
"You do that," he said. "I'll see you soon."
I waved to him and left out of the office. I got down to the street and headed towards Mr. Martin's house. I got there and his wife, Margaret, was unloading the car that was full of groceries.
"Let me help you with that," I said grabbing the bag out of her arms.
"Oh, you're so sweet," she said grabbing the eggs from the backseat. I followed her up the walk to the front door where she quickly unlocked the door. It swung open before Mrs. Martin had the time to do it. "Ricky, please take some of the bags from Kat."
I couldn't see over the mountain of bags in my arms, but I had a feeling that this Ricky guy was good looking. I was right because as soon as my eyes landed on him, I was locked in a trance. The only downside was that I already knew this guy from school. He was probably the biggest player in the continental U.S.
His dark brown hair was fixed up and his brown eyes were peering down from at me. My five-four was short compared to his five-ten. He was muscular and I was in awe over him. My red hair laid flat against my face and my brown eyes couldn't seem to look away.
"Staring problem?" he asked snapping me out of the trance. I shook my head and then the question sunk in. He was rude!
"No, I don't," I said. "So, you're the ass known as Ricky."
I'm so glad that Mrs. Martin had left to go put down her bags. She would have slapped me for saying such a word in her presence.
"Well, I might be an ass at least I don't have a staring problem," he said.
"I don't have a staring problem," I said.
"So why were you staring at me like I was a piece of meat?" he asked.
"I wasn't staring at you," I said.
"So what do you call this?" he asked. His eyes were fixed on mine and his mouth was wide open.
"I didn't look like that," I said.
"Kids, come put the bags on the counter," Mrs. Martin said from the kitchen. I pushed passed Ricky and walked into the kitchen setting the bags onto the counter.
"You need help putting things away?" I said.
"No, that's okay dear," she said, "Paul's in his office upstairs."
"Okay," I said walking passed Ricky again not even bothering to acknowledge him. I ran upstairs and walked into Mr. Martin's study. I sat down in the chair across from him.
"How can I help you today?" he asked setting his pen down.
"The judge won't sign the emancipation papers until I have a place to stay," I said.
THE GUY WHO GAVE UP HIS JERSEY © 2012, GLADYSVANESSA
All rights reserved.
This book, "The Guy Who Gave Up His Jersey", including all chapters, epilogues, and associated content is copyrighted. All rights are reserved by the owner and creator of this work, and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution, or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of this copyright is punishable by law.
Chapter 1 
Emilia:
"Mom, can't I just I don't know, skip school?" 
"No! It's the first day of school. You can't skip, plus remember you have to keep a low profile. "
"Mom the lights I can see heaven I have to sleep or I'll die!" I exaggerated with my voice. I wasn't really lying, I could see heaven in my dreams and they were just a blink away. 
"The only lights you're gonna see if you don't get up, is the flash light I'll be shining in your face while making sure to call your dad." 
I quickly got up "gotta go mom, love you bye!" 
I could just tell that my mom was smiling happily. It's unfair that she gets to use dad as leverage. 
Let me tell you this my father is a Monster! Yeah no joke people, he was just as bad as I was or even worse. Hell he was the fucking master. You'll realize what I mean soon enough. 
If you're all wondering who I am, then good! You don't have short attention spans or ADHD. Rejoice people! Rejoice!
I'm Emilia Petrova and my family is part Bulgarian because of my father, so yeah. Need I explain more? My parents met in a trip and then they dated and then they started becoming...closer and then my siblings were born. 
I rode my car going to school and I parked it behind the school. I put on my eye-glasses which were the thick and black rimmed kind of glasses that nerds from movies wear, then I messed up my hair. I now officially look nerdy, or just messy. Well including the fact that I was wearing an oversized sweat shirt with some jeans that seriously didn't fit me well, that it hung really loose on my waist. I'd say I look like a socially awkward loser. Which for those shallow assholes in that school would be considered nerdy. Hey maybe they're not all assholes but then again my mom did tell me to keep a low profile...for now. 
The first bell rang and my first class was English, it's a good thing that I asked for my schedule earlier so that I didn't have to deal with any judgmental stares. Like stupid cliché movies, everybody picked on the new girl, which was me. It's a damn good thing I took anger management classes 'cause if I didn't then a lot of people here would end up with broken bones. It also didn't help that I felt something poking me, I chose to ignore it though seeing as I have to follow my parents orders. Pain in the ass rules. 
You see I caused quite a scandal in my old school beating up the seniors and all. It's not my fault they wanted to beat me up and couldn't actually do a proper beating. So now I have to keep a low profile. Or my parents might consider sending me to boot camp which I doubt would be any better. Also those seniors have a bit of a grudge on me, it's not my fault they let me hit their family jewels so easily. A guy who gets beaten by a girl isn't considered a man anymore, well considering that they tried to beat a girl that's what really doesn't make them a man anymore. I mean assholes please no need to get all up in my face because of an old grudge. 
As I was thinking and holding myself back from just about starting another fight which might cause me to get kicked out, a girl walked in the class and she was obviously a teacher. "Hello class I'm Ms. Avery and we have a new student today." said a woman looking to be in her early twenties, she was very pretty, Hopefully not one of those teachers who picked on students. "Ms. Petrova if you please" she was beaming at me like she had done me a favor. 
'Ok Emilia breath' I reminded myself, trying to ignore the judgmental eyes staring at me. After a minute I realized something, since when the hell did I ever care.
So I walked up the front with as much confidence as a nerd should have. "Hello, I'm Emilia Petrova. I'm new here and I don't have much friends." I was speaking with a insecure look on my face and a small smile until someone threw a paper ball at me. "please be nice to me." I whimpered, and everyone laughed, wow this is cliché, everybody should pick on the new nerdy kid. Honestly will teenagers ever stop. Plus if I didn't have to act right now then I probably would've ripped their throats out by now. Okay so maybe that was an exaggeration but I would gladly dig up their past and socially humiliate them and then I would rip their throats out with an angelic smile on my face. Or you know just beat them in a fight whichever works for me.

This is Skyla :


Skyla is gorgeous. Every guy wants her but she doesn't think that. She feels rejected by the male population due to the fact that Draco doesn't let any guys other then himself near her. Skyla has blonde hair that reaches just above her boobs. She has milky white skin with freckles scattering her cheeks on her face , she has hazel eyes as well as plump red lips that any guy would die to have a taste of. She is average height with a height of 5'5. She has a slightly more curvy body, with a flat stomach, a bit bigger thighs and a slightly bigger but then most girls out there. Girls would die for her body. Her personality is sweet and bubbly.

This is Draco:

Draco is utterly handsome. As years went on and he grew up and he kept on getting more and more handsome.From his big brown eyes, to his sexy hair all the way to his well built muscular body. Draco has one of the fittest body's out there. And its all Skyla's. He has a rude personality to any one but Skyla. He is extremely possessive over her and would kill someone for looking at her. Draco would do anything for her after all she is his Princess.

Introduction:
Hi!!!
My name is Ria Wilson.I am in freshman year and I turned 15 years two days back. We Wilsons are a small family staying in a small town called Beaufort in USA.
Me, my mum Sophie Wilson and my dad Harry Wilson.
And, ummm, 6 more brothers. They are gonna give me a hard time if they see that I placed them on second line while introducing.
Funny part, they are always ready to give me hard time.
My eldest brother is Logan Wilson, 20. Then comes the Jack Wilson at age 19. Third one is John Wilson,18.
Then arrive the twins, Alex and Andy at 17. And the last among the Wilsons, Joe Wilson at age 14.
I should introduce my dad's brother too. After all, they play an important role in our family. His name is Garry Wilson, his wife Milly Wilson and their only son Mark Wilson at age 17.
Uncle Garry's close friend died a long time ago and he brought his son Gino Green to our family when he was just 3 years old. Now he is 18.
My dad had well set-up firm for clothing business with his older brother as partner. But recently we had to shift to our new home. 
And there is a huge story behind it.
Want to know more? Lets talk more in next chapters.

                  
PROLOGUE
MABAIT
MAGALANG
MAPAG-MAHAL
MATALINO
Palaban
Talented
ALL-IN-ONE. 
Siya na Lahat SANA kung Hindi lang siya isang 
Nerd. !!!!!!
Yes! Isa siyang Nerd Pinandidirian ng Marami. Nilalait dahil sa Panlabas na katangian nito. Pero Hindi niya hinahayaang gawin sa kanya Ito.
Pero Paano nalang Kung Siya pala ang nawawalang Heir ng Isang kilalang EMPIRE sa Buong Mundo? 
Magbabago naba ang Tingin ng Mga Tao sa kanya? 
ABANGAN...
*********
Sana po nagustuhan nyu itong prologue ko. Kahit maigsi lang siya. 
I dedicate this story to my Self. Whahaha ginawa kopo itong story Sa sarili Kong Pananaw sa Lahat ng Nerds at Fantasies ko lang po I to.. :)
Vote, Comment Be My Fan. 
divineo9
The scorching Florida sunshine battered down on my bare shoulders.
If I didn't find some air conditioning soon, I was going pass out and end up sprawled across the concrete pick-up platform next to the airport parking lot, where eventually some poor airport security officer might stumble upon my unconscious body and have the unfortunate duty of reviving me.
Okay, maybe I was being a little overdramatic.
But still, it was only a few minutes past three o'clock, and I was the only person who had been stupid enough to step out of the cool airport terminal and head to the parking lot, where temperatures had to be in the hundreds.
Or at least upper nineties.
I squinted down the road, searching for any sign of my aunt, Rachel. But I didn't even know what color car I was looking for. So I just stood there, in the scalding sun, feeling like an idiot. A wet, sticky idiot.
Would I ever stop sweating?
Maybe wearing my skinny jeans hadn't been the best idea. I wasn't good at planning ahead; when I got on the plane in Vermont, I had dressed like any normal person from Vermont would.
Well, that's not entirely true. No one was normal in Vermont.
But I had dressed like someone from Vermont would.
I put on my favorite jeans, my sneakers, several layers of sweaters and a coat thick enough to shelter me from even the coldest winter winds. I didn't realize anything was wrong with my choice of outfit until I noticed that I was the only one on the airplane that wasn't wearing shorts. And while I was happy to strip off my sweaters and coat, leaving me in a spaghetti strapped undershirt, I didn't exactly feel like taking off my jeans and parading around in my panties.
Airport security wouldn't have appreciated that.
I sighed and looked down at the suitcase by my side.
It was small and black, and had given me absolute hell to find at the baggage claim. Right then, I decided that I was going to paint it neon green. Maybe with orange stripes. You know, so I could find it when I went back to Vermont. Rachel probably had plenty of paint; she was a freelance artist.
My dad, a neurosurgeon who cared way too much about being precise and organized, had never liked to accept that fact that his younger sister was an artist. She moved to other states whenever she felt like a change of scenery. A few years ago, she ended up in Holden, Florida when she dated a man named Phineas Jones. But ever since Phineas left her to find himself, whatever that meant, in a remote Tibetan village of Buddhist monks, Rachel had been single and stuck in Holden.
After staring down at my suitcase for a minute or two, imagining it in different colors and trying to decide whether to go for stripes or polka-dots, I looked up. And I was practically blinded as I caught sight of the car barreling towards me.
It was a neon green Volkswagen Beetle.
My hands flew up to shield my eyes from the reflection of the sunlight off of the car's exterior, which was so intense that my eyes had begun to water and I doubted I would see anything clearly for the next two or three months. The car was the same color I had been planning on painting my suitcase, so now I was pretty sure I had chosen well. How could you possibly miss something that color? I watched through my fingers as the car drew closer and started to slow down in front of me. The front tire of the car rolled up onto the curb at my feet, and the neon green Volkswagen finally stopped.
A woman leaned through the open driver's window and smiled sheepishly. I only had to take one look at the woman to know who it was. The tangled brown hair, the wide blue eyes, the tan skin and light dusting of freckles over the bridge of her nose. Rachel hadn't changed very much from the last time she had visited me and my parents in Vermont. I think I could have spotted her anywhere. It helped that she looked pretty much identical to my dad.
A/NHey guys! This is the first book I ever wrote so please excuse me if there are any grammar mistakes. And make sure you comment and like. I hope you enjoy reading this book.--------------------------------Picture of Alexis above--------------------------------Alex's POVI woke up to the smell of the pleasant surprise Oscar,my Rottweiler left on my bed.[note the sarcasm*]I groaned and reluctantly got out of bed to clean the mess Oscar made. He was a small pup,still not yet trained.I had literally begged dad to get me a dog and that I will take care of it and the mess it makes.After cleaning up and feeding Oscar I slowly dragged my feet downstairs to the living room where dad and Jasper,my brother who was two years elder to me,were having a heated discussion.
"Good morning,dad!  Morning Jasper" I said to the in my sleepy voice.{ British accent }I shivered involuntarily as it was very cold now here in London. 
Both my dad and my brother jumped back astonished and smiled at me sheepishly. They hadn't realised that I woke up.I narrowed my eyes at them for their strange behaviour.I walked into the kitchen and made three cups of coffee and gave one to my father and jasper when I finally decided to sit and drink my coffee peacefully.
"Alex? Remember when mom and dad made a promise that we will stay here at London till you turn 18 and then we will move to Miami,Florida?Well since your Birthday is 2 weeks later so we have decided that it's best for us to move out of town this Friday."Jasper said.
I knew that we will be moving to Florida but I didn't realise it would be so soon.Anyways the promise was kept because mom was from Florida and dad was from here{London} So they wanted me and Jasper to see both the places my parents spent their childhood in.I am pretty excited that we're going to the place where mom had spent her childhood.But it also broke my heart that mom won't be coming with us. I felt a sharp pain in my chest remembering her. She died two months back and those two months were the worst months. I had literally tried to commit suicide but always end up backing out. She died and it is all my fault.
Charlotte,my mom was beautiful. She had blond hair and hazel brown eyes. Jasper inherited this from her. Dad has red hair and green eyes . Even I had the red hair which flowed down till my rear end{I know pretty long} and I have hazel brown eyes which were like mom's,but unfortunately I was very short. I was about 5"2.
" Sure since we are leaving day after, I should really start packing" I said and with that I rushed back upstairs and started sobbing about my moms lose.It shouldn't have been her it should have been me! It is all my fault. She deserved better than this.-------------------------------Two days later. {Friday}-------------------------------I stood in front of my house,I walked slowly towards the door and placed my hand on the door.Damn! I'm going to miss this place. I turned and walked back to the car where dad and Jasper were waiting.
I just wanted to ask one last favour to dad."Dad? Can we visit her one last time before we go?" I askedHe gave me a sympathetic look and said "sure darling" with a look of understanding as we made our way to the grave yard.
I quickly got out of the car and ran towards my mom's grave. Just as I reached I couldn't help but tears came ramming down my cheeks when I placed a red rose in front of her.I wiped the tears away knowing that she would want to see me happy.
"Hello mom" I sighed" Mom I miss you so much. Today we will be going to Florida. I will make sure I visit the park you told me about where you spent most of the time playing. Mom I just wish you are here with us. Even though you are not here with me I know you will be watching from above. But still you will always be here...." I said pointing towards my heart" in my heart.Mom I will never ever forget you. You were and still are the most beautiful and amazing woman I have ever known" With that I leaned forward and kissed the area where it was written    Charlotte Rodriguez" Mom know that you are my mother and my best friend in the world. I will make sure that I come to visit you." I said and turned around to see both my dad and Jasper standing there with tears in their eyes. I ran to them and hugged them.
" I miss her so much daddy, so much" I sobbed
" I know darling I know,and even we do" he replied back.We walked back to the car and drove towards the airport with Oscar sitting on my lap and sticking his head out the window.---------------------------------Few hours later...---------------------------------We finally reached ?Miami,Florida and we are now currently sitting in the car making our way to our new home.As we reached I quickly jumped out and my jaw literally hit the ground.Jasper also got out and as soon as he sees the house he opens his mouth wide staring at the house. Oscar immediately jumped out of my hands and went inside.
So now here we are standing in front of our house our mouths hanging open.The house was huge!There was a pool too! Oh ma gosh!!
I looked at dad and asked him " dad how did you manage to get such a big house?!?!"He chuckled at our reaction and said" oh darling your mother owns this house and she kept it for us to live in when we moved here"
Both me and Jasper were shocked.I rushed in and screamed" I pick my room first!" At this dad came up to me and replied " oh no no no! I already picked the rooms for y'all " 
 And then he led the way to Jasper's room. Jasper went in and started settling in. We then went to the topmost floor where my room was. I squealed when I saw it. IT WAS AMAZING!
The room was covered with purple walls. My second favourite colour. My favourite colour is black.There was a single bed with purple and white sheets.Next to it was a small stand with a lamp in it. On the right side was my study table and one small cupboard with a huge window next to it. 
I was bewildered looking at the small cupboard. " Daddy,how am I supposed to fit in all my clothes in such a small closet?" He chuckled " First open it and then judge" with that he left the room.Curiously I went to the cupboard and opened in to see a large walk in closet. I squeal and started jumping up and down like a kid. I could hear my dad laugh from downstairs. But I didn't care I always wanted a walk in closet.After examining it and putting my clothes in there, I went the left side of the room to see a door. Knowing it's the bathroom. And woah! Even the bathrooms are awesome.The houses here are so much better than the ones in London.
There was a very small dog bed where Oscar could sleep. I whistled and Oscar came up wagging his tail. I went picked him up and placed him in his bed where he slept soundlessly. I went to one of my bags and pulled out the litter box and placed it beside him.
I then started unpacking and keeping things in the right area. At last I picked a three photos and placed the one with my dad,mom,Jasper and me in the snow, on the wall along with the one where mom was only 16 years old standing in a park.The last one was my mom and I hugging each other. I kissed the photo and placed on the night stand where the lamp was placed.
I was so exhausted that the minute I hit my head on the bed I was in dreamland......
---------------------------------
Prologue
"She hasn't been the same after the accident" My aunt confessed, worry and fear laced in her tone. 
I flinched besides her, causing both her and the doctor to look my way. I refused to meet them in the first eyes. I refused to look into the pity that was saved just for me. 
It wasn't that I was unfamiliar with that sentence. 
It was that I was tired of hearing it.
Ever since the accident, people had been walking around me, like I was so easily shattered. Like saying the wrong thing could cause my world to fall apart. 
Didn't they know my world was already broken?
Weren't they aware of the fact that my world no longer existed? 
That it could never be repaired. 
They were always so careful about what they said to me. What they said around me. They thought that if they said something wrong, that I would spiral into self loathing. 
Maybe depression. 
Didn't they know that I was far too gone?
Didn't they know that depression and self loathing was a step in the right direction?Because maybe then I'd actually be able to feel something. 
Maybe then, I wouldn't feel so numb. 
"I'm aware that you're worried about your niece, Ms Harte. But what you need to understand is that Miss Hunter has experienced a traumatic event. I'm afraid to say it, but there's a very small chance she'll go back to the way she was a few months ago" 
The doctor was about 29 years old. He had blonde hair and brown eyes. I wasn't particularly fond of him. Then again, I wasn't fond of many doctors. They were all the same. They were either unsympathetic or too sympathetic. 
There was no in between. 
Doctor's visits always made me nervous. They always had me feeling queasy, always leaving me a sick feeling in my stomach. It wasn't that I was afraid of the doctors, well not in the sense of feeling pain. 
More in the sense of being afraid of what they'll say. 
Over the past few months I had been visiting the doctors almost twice a week. They were always checking to see if I was physically damaged. 
It was only last week they thought about checking my mental health. 
So that's what I was here for. To see how I was doing. 
To know if I was crazy or not. 
And of course, my aunt being the worrier she was, spent the entire first half of the visit expressing her worries about me. But they were always the same. They were always along the lines of 'She's been acting differently' or 'She hasn't been eating' or 'She barely leaves her room', oh and the infamous 'When will she say more than three words per day?' 
Of course, I was beginning to get sick of the smothering and the worrying, maybe even suffocated. 
"I think you should be sat down, when I say this" The doctor continued, mostly looking at my aunt who was all but pacing in his office. She lifted her arm, to place her fingernails between her teeth, chewing them out of nervousness. The doctor then turned to face me, almost forcing me to stare into his dull brown eyes. "I don't want you to be too worried about the next few words that come out of my mouth"
Yes, because that sentence made me feel much better. 
"I've never seen a case like this" he started, keeping the eye contact with me. I broke the contact with him, and looked down at my lap. My hands were at my sides, I brought them together and began fumbling with them, clenching and unclenching my fists, desperate to feel some pain. To feel something. 
Prologue
I stood at the doorstep, my arms crossed against my chest – a gesture I do when I’m frustrated. “What do you mean you’re busy?” I demanded to the flustered boy standing in front of me.
The boy ran a hand through his messy hair. “C’mon Jess, today’s the only day Scarlet can hang out and you know I haven’t seen her for we –”
“You guys go to the same school! You have homeroom with her!” I cried, throwing my hands up in exasperation. “You haven’t seen me in weeks, Jake. I don’t go to the same school as you, and I obviously don’t have homeroom with you.”
Jake sighed. “She’s my girlfriend, Jess.”
I narrowed my eyes. “I’m your best friend.”
“I love her.”
“Oh, give me a break! You guys have broken up 4 times in the last month. If you say you love her, then you just might as well love everyone else in the world.”
“I’m sorry, Jessie. We’ll hang out for sure next week, okay?”
“You said that last week. It’s now, or never Jacob,” I said through clenched teeth.
Jake laughed half-heartedly. “Don’t be so serious. Next week for sure.”
“Jacob, I’m serious. I’m sick and tired of you following that Scarlet around like a little puppy. I’ve always been there for you…when she broke your heart, remember? That night your dad died, I was there for you. She wasn’t. Remember? I’m your best friend.” I said loudly. I watched as Jake’s smile fall off his face, replaced by a cold glare.
“I’m not putting my girlfriend before you. I think this time it might actually work,” he snapped.
“Might actually work? You’re 15! This is not the future you’re talking about. She’s not the one for you and you know it,” I snapped back,
“You know how much I love her!”
With a defeated sigh, I closed my eyes, not allowing the tears to come out.
Jake’s face softened a bit. “You’re my bestest friend in the whole world Jessie. Just let me have this day, okay?”
I shook my head furiously and glared at Jake through misty eyes. “No. I can’t let you. You think you can just push me aside whenever that sl-t wants something. I’m supposed to be your best friend. Best friends don’t push each other away for someone else—especially not when they’ve cancelled their plans for the past 3 weeks.”
“Jake, are you coming?” a high girl voice interrupted from upstairs.
“Yeah, in a minute!” Jake shouted. Turning back to me, he lowered his eyes. “Look, I gotta go.”
“Just like that?” I said slowly, my heart sinking to the pit of my stomach.
Jake gave a weak nod and sighed.
I stared at him blankly. “Okay,” I whispered and turned around.
“Next week! I promise!” Jake called after me.
Ignoring him, I strode down the driveway and onto the sidewalk. I didn’t dare look back, in fear that I might change my mind. I walked all the way home, determined not to change my mind—I didn’t.
The next few days, I ignored all Jake’s calls, pretended to be sick when he knocked on my door, avoided him whenever I saw him. Within a few months, he stopped trying to contact me. It hurt me that he gave up so easily, but I pushed all thoughts of him aside. I quickly made new best friends, ones that had their priorities straight. Soon, to me, Jake was just a memory, a foolish choice in my past—just an ex best-friend that I didn’t need anymore, and one that I certainly didn’t care about anymore either.
----------
omg this is like the 3rd story i've uploaded! i just keep getting so many ideas. it's kinda based on some part of what's happening to me right now, but just a tiny bit.
SO PLEASE VOTE/COMMENT! GO DO IT. :D:D
please please please tell me what you think and if i should continue it because im already juggling Camp Not so Fun and What Happens in L.A., Stays in L.A.
Ho scoperto Wattpad leggendo un libro che mi hanno regalato a Natale. Per capire meglio di cosa si trattasse ho aperto il mio computer e ho digitato su google. Quello che ho scoperto entrando all'interno del sito sono le migliaia di persone che scrivono libri, pensieri, poesie e quant'altro e le pubblicano. È meraviglioso come una piattaforma possa dare la possibilità a tutti di esporre le proprie idee e di inseguire un sogno. Quello che mi ha spinto a scrivere una storia è il desiderio di trattare temi che probabilmente vengono sottovalutati e che forse vengono sin troppo taciuti e nascosti. Ritengo che anche se si cerca di nascondere un problema non significa che esso cessi di esistere. Nella mia vita, sebbene sia ancora molto giovane, ho sperimentato guai che hanno a che fare con l'alimentazione, l'autolesionismo e il bullismo. Ho deciso di esporre ciò che ho provato e che ancora oggi non ho smesso di affrontare perché vorrei poter essere vicino a tutti coloro che si trovano ad affrontare problemi di questo tipo e che si sentono soli, come mi sono sentita io. Mi sentivo sola anche quando ero in mezzo alle persone. Mi isolavo io stessa dal resto del mondo. Avevo costantemente paura del giudizio degli altri e così ho perso la capacità di relazionarmi. Non ho mai avuto tanti amici e non mi sono mai esposta più di tanto perché avevo paura che le persone scoprissero davvero chi sono. Mi vergognavo di quello che facevo e di chi ero diventata. Avevo tantissimi problemi di cui occuparmi, ma che ho tralasciato ed è stato così che ho perso il controllo di tutto e soprattutto della mia vita. È pazzesco come qualcuno possa davvero nascondere i propri problemi. Nessuno avrebbe mai immaginato che io fossi immersa in tutto questo. Sono sempre stata convinta che gli altri non avessero interesse nel parlare di problemi. Mi chiedevo in continuazione "a chi può interessare se oggi ho avuto una brutta giornata?". Continuavo a dire che andava tutto bene e riuscivo anche a convincermene. Non sono mai riuscita realmente a trovare il coraggio di chiedere aiuto. Non è stato facile ammettere quello che stavo vivendo. È difficile descrivere cosa ho provato in questi momenti. Accade tutto con tanta velocità e tanta foga che solo dopo del tempo ti rendi conto di cosa ti sta accadendo e cosa hai provato e stai provando. Mi chiedevo in continuazione:"Perché è successo a me?"All'età di dieci anni ho cominciato ad avere problemi con il cibo. Dopo i vari episodi di bullismo che avevo subito mi sono resa conto che forse sarei dovuta cambiare io, così le altre persone mi avrebbero accettata e avrebbero smesso di prendermi in giro. Continuavo a pensare che il mondo sarebbe stato migliore senza di me. Ogni accusa, ogni presa in giro e ogni risata nei miei confronti erano pugni nello stomaco. Così ho cominciato a farmi del male. Mi vergognavo di quella che ero e dovevo punirmi. "Perché non ero come tutte le altre bambine?". Mi chiedevo spesso perché non potevo essere come le mie compagne di scuola: magre, in forma e sicure di sé. Crescendo tutti questi problemi aumentavano perché aumentavo gli episodi di bullismo intorno a me e soprattutto aumentavano i problemi all'interno della mia famiglia. Non è facile vivere sotto lo stesso tetto con persone che soffrono. I problemi della famiglia coinvolgono tutti i membri. Smisi di mangiare, continuavo a farmi del male, vomitavo. Continuavo a nascondere tutti questi problemi perché nonostante mi facessero male, mi facevano sentire viva. È paradossale, ma è così che mi sentivo. Forse ho anche pensato un giorno che se qualcuno avesse visto le cicatrici sulle mie braccia finalmente sarebbe corso in mio aiuto, ma la verità è che non ho mai avuto il coraggio di mostrarle. Ogni segno, ogni taglio ha un significato. È stato difficile ammettere che avevo seriamente bisogno di aiuto. È stato difficile cominciare a sottopormi a quelle cure che mi hanno resa la persona che sono oggi. Ho spezzato il cuore a mia madre che è la persona che mi è stata vicina più di tutte. Penso che le abbia fatto davvero tanto male vedere come mi ero ridotta. Ho capito che mi sarei dovuta sottoporre ad una terapia quando mi è stato messo del cibo sul tavolo e non riuscivo neanche a guardarlo perché mi veniva la nausea. Ho tentato di fare qualche boccone, ma non scendeva giù.Durante le sedute dallo specialista ho scoperto di essere bipolare. "Tutti sono lunatici" ho pensato, ma poi mi sono resa conto che non era normale restare sveglia fino alle quattro del mattino e scrivere 30 o 40 pagine a notte. La mia mente lavorava ad un ritmo sfrenato. Con il tempo ho imparato a considerarmi una persona speciale nel mio essere anormale. Anche se affronto ogni giorno queste difficoltà e devo sempre stare attenta a non ricaderci non ho nulla di cui vergognarmi e soprattutto da nascondere. Vorrei raccontare la mia esperienza, qui e con voi, perché credo che valga la pena conoscere il vissuto altrui, soprattutto se questo può essere una dimostrazione concreta che da queste situazione si può uscire vittoriosi. Vorrei farvi capire che diventerà più facile un giorno e che potrete vivere finalmente in libertà perché ne vale davvero la pena. Sfruttate al meglio ogni esperienza che siete costretti a vivere o che avete deciso di vivere perché sono certa che capirete nel vostro futuro che niente è stato vano. Tenete duro, siate forti perché la vita è meravigliosa e va vissuta a pieno. Esistono persone al mondo che con i loro cuori grandi sapranno curarvi, non parlo solo dei dottori, ma soprattutto degli amici, quelli veri. Non dico di non essermi tagliata sebbene il periodo di cura fosse terminato, non dico di non aver mai vomitato a causa del cibo dopo la terapia. Il processo di guarigione richiede determinazione, forza di volontà e soprattutto non ha giorni liberi. È una battaglia giornaliera. Ora, però, so di poter contare su tante persone che mi vogliono bene e che mi saranno accanto quando ne avrò bisogno. 
Questa teen fiction racconterà la storia di Candice alle prese con un'amicizia indimenticabile. Tradita dall'amore più grande della sua vita si troverà davanti ai propri demoni che non potrà combattere da sola. Vi auguro una buona lettura e spero che durante questo percorso capiate che io per voi ci sarò sempre e potrò essere la vostra confidente, direttamente o anche solo attraverso i capitoli di questa storia indimenticabile. 
Spero che questo libro un giorno possa diventare il vostro compagno di vita, la vostra ancora o anche solo un soprammobile che però vi ricordi di tenere duro e di essere forti, sempre. Non smettete mai di ricercare l'autoconsapevolezza e la felicità. È chiaro che ci saranno sempre alti e bassi, ma meglio una vita così che una senza rischi, no? Ricercate qualcosa che vi stimoli e vi aiuti a trovare il lato positivo delle cose e così continuerete ad andare avanti.Con affetto, Candice. 
"Qualunque sia la vostra vita, per favore, leggete queste parole e sappiate che io per voi ci sarò sempre. Siate forti e coraggiosi, amate più che potete, e non avrete nulla da perdere."Demi Lovato, Staying Strong, Mondadori.
"Avrai dei momenti difficili, ma ti faranno apprezzare le cose belle alle quali non prestavi attenzione".Sean, Will Hunting - Genio Ribelle.

<> I almost killed my crush's mom <>
I, Lois Mai Reynolds, am all kinds of clumsy.
I fall over flat surfaces. I drop expensive vases, and miraculously find ways to trip over thin air. Not a day has passed by when I'm not wearing a Band-Aid for some kind of accident that I've endured, and it's stooped to the level now that my parents call me King Kong and joke about having warning signs and safety tape around my bedroom door. Once upon a time, I used to think of that as a laughing matter, but not anymore.
Not since I almost killed my crush's mom.
 Suddenly the idea of being compared to a giant gorilla of mass destruction doesn't actually seem that crazy.
 This story is my intellectual exclusive property. Any text written underneath this story is protected under United States, United Kingdom and international copyright laws. The content may not be copied to another computer, transmitted, published, reproduced, stored, manipulated, projected, or altered in any way, Any violations of this can be punishable by law.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: DO NOT COPY
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
5 year's ago
(Coach Ryan's POV)
I could here the doctor's whispering outside the room.
My hand's were bound in handcuffs but there was so much I could do to them if the opportunity ever came up.
My mind began to wonder about Ivy.
Oh Ivy, my sweet Ivy, I hope you're okay.
The large metal door slowly opened and my eye's automatically locked to a man with glasses.
His boyish face was filled with fear but he tried hard to cover it up. He ran his shaking finger's through his dirty blonde hair and he held a clipboard in the other.
Others stood behind him with their long white coats and their mocking eye's staring through me.
They have no idea who they're messing with.
I smirked at the thought of slicing all their throats and playing in their blood.
"Michael Ray Ryan, we have you're room ready so if you uh just come with us with out any problems we'll get you to it.", said the little pipsqueak with the clipboard.
Scared little bastard.
Two guards came behind me and lifted me out of the chair I was sitting in.
They took me out into the hallway where the smell of harsh chemicals burned my nose and the sound of screaming patient's echoed through the hall's.
"Right this way.", said the pipsqueak.
I followed obediently behind the doctor with the guards at my side until we reached an open door which lead to an isolated room.
I saw my chance to cause a little chaos so I quickly pushed the guards away with all my might and they hit both walls with loud grunts.
I threw my bound wrists over the doctor's head and began forcefully strangling him with my handcuffs.
The little doctor gasped for breath but my grip became tighter. He gagged and tried to fight but I was too strong for the little weasel.
"Restrain him!", screamed one if the guards.
I pulled harder and harder on the handcuffs while I could feel the life being sucked out of him.
I smiled menacingly as I listened to his violent gagging until I felt a sharp pain in my thigh.
My leg's quickly began to feel like rubber and my grip loosened in the doctor.
I couldn't feel my leg's anymore and I fell to the ground as the guards and other doctors pulled the unconscious doctor from my grip.
Everything was spinning.
I could feel my handcuffs being removed and replaced with a white straight-jacket.
I felt myself being dragged into a room and onto the floor.
All if a sudden the large metal door was slammed shut fading out the faint screams in the hall.
I just sat down cackling at my success like a crazed maniac.
I couldn't stop laughing, everything was just so funny.
So I sat in my new home cackling maniacally on the floor and yet fully aware that someday I will escape, I most definitely will escape.
Author's Note: short chapter I know but a great way to start off the new book. Welcome back Teacher's Pet reader's. Enjoy.
After all these years.
You can do it Thalia.
Taking a deep breath, I mustered up the courage to finally go visit the only boy I ever loved. Well, he's probably a man now.
I observed myself in my mirror for the final time. Blue. His favourite color, on me. My outfit was simple, I totally overthought it. I didn't want to come across too desperate, or as if I was trying too hard but I didn't want to show that I didn't care either. This was all just a big head fuck to be honest.
It seems unreal for a girl to fall in love at the age of 13, but we made it happen. It all started when he was held back in 4th grade. He was moved down in to my class and he was the new kid; not that he had any trouble fitting in - after all he was the cool new older guy.
He instanteoulsly recognised me - from Kindergarten and all those times we spent at each other's houses due to our mother's being good friends - and as our eyes locked I could see his devilish smirk linger on his face.
He had sat down next to me that day, which created many rumours - I mean like seriously: The Bad Boy and Ugly Betty; not exactly the perfect love story. I had braces, two pig tails and that's as ugly as it gets for me.
Though the rumours were quite amusing, but the best one was that someone strongly believed that we were step-brother and step-sister. The rumours seemed to die down when we started 5th grade and the blossoming crush I had for him only seemed to grow stronger.
Raegan POV
I woke up with the sun in my face. I picked up my phone looking through my notifications. One stood out. "JustinBlake liked your musically" I was shocked. I love his musicallys. I keep scrolling and I saw "JustinBlake Is Now Following You." I dropped my phone in excitement. I was getting Bottom surgery that afternoon. It was currently 10:37  when I got in the shower and picked out an outfit. I walked in the bathroom and stared at myself "Wow" I thought to myself, "Justin Followed me" I smiled the whole time I was in the shower. I got out and got dressed. It was 1:18 and my surgery started at 1:30. I was late. I ran to my dad and told him we had to go. He drove me to the hospital and they started my surgery. 
---Time skip---
I woke up with a bandage around my waist. I looked around and my dad was the only one in the room. "Dad" I said. "Yes Rae?" "What time is it" I asked. 3:28. I leaned over and grabbed my phone and saw "You have 1 new message from musically" I opened it and I noticed it was Justin! It said "Hey congrats on the bottom surgery, I just got top about 3 months ago, I was wondering if you wanted my binders because I no longer use them 😊" I smiled in excitement. Justin Actually Noticed me! I thought. I replied to him with "yeah I actually need some binders ATM 😂 By the way I Love your musicallys!" I turned of my phone and fell asleep thinking about Justin.
I am a young writer so read at your own risk, I can't guarantee you'll like it but it's worth a try😂 A majority of this was written while I was in 7th grade so...
There might possibly be a trigger warning... there probably is... just warning you
Arkadaslar bu benim ilk hikayem bazılarınız  hikayen cok benzıyo digerlerine der onları hakkı ama lütfen kıracak şeyler söylemeyin.Evettt nerde kalmıstık...
Vini Uehara : Giray
Madison Beer: Ada
Cameron Dallas: Rüzgar
Lucy Hale: Demet
Simon Van Meervenne: Uras
Bella Thorne: Cemre
Emilie Nereng:Selen 
Sergio Carjaval: Poyraz
Alexandra Burimova: Süprizzzzzz
Cara Delevingne:Ece
Iga Wysocka: Toprak
Sasha pieterse:Ceylin 
Summary:
"Brothers by force, enemies by choice." Colby & Aaron are two half-brothers living together with their father and Aaron's mother. Colby is the bad boy. He drinks and he knows no limits or consequences. But he has a dark and hidden past, something nobody knows about except his family. Aaron is Mr. Perfect. He's running for class president, never tardy for class, and holds close to perfect attendance. The two boys play together on the football team, Aaron as the Quarterback and Colby as a Linebacker. They're the worst team in the state, but their new coach plans on changing that, starting by making the two boys co-captains in order to force them to get along. Will the boys come together for the team? Or will the boys ultimately fail the team, and in the end, themselves?

-This book contains excessive alcohol usage

"Good things fall apart so better things can fall together."
                                                                            _ Marilyn Monroe
                                            ____________________________
        I slammed my locker shut, holding my books against my chest.
I had a presentation today and I was nervous. I mean I wasn't holding a paper bag to my face taking deep breaths like my best friend Sara Beth did before presentations.
But my palms were slightly sweaty and I could hear my heart racing. I was surprised the students in the hallway never heard it and asked me to keep it down.
I made it to class relatively fine and took my seat at the front. Mr. Everett introduced class and the presentations began to start.
Mr. Everett started from the beginning of the attendance. Lucky for me my last name being Williams I wasn't going till the near end. It went by fast since most of the students chose to be in groups.
"Jerico Wild," he called.
There was silence since he showed up to class like once a week. Jerico Wild was a force to be reckoned with.
"Moving on. Nova Williams," he said.
I walked up with my stack of notes. I was mid way through my presentation when Jerico decided to enter the classroom, his boots thudding against the floor.
I stared up from my notes. My emerald green eyes meeting his dark blue ones. I shifted my eyes to the rest of him. His soft black hair falling into his eyes, his tight black tshirt defining his already muscular chest, black low rising jeans and boots.
"Mr. Wild," Mr. Everett said amused. "Your turn passed."
"I'm in a group with her," he said in his deep voice.
My mouth parted in surprise. Everyone turned to look at me, probably wondering how I knew him well enough to work on a project with him.
"Is that true Ms. Williams?" he asked.
I stared at Jerico, his face remained calm. He knew no one would dare cross him. But I could, it would ruin my life, but this was my hard work. I spent days pouring over the various philosopers and their contribution to metaphysics.
"No," I said defiantly.
The class gasped in unison. It unnerved me. Mr. Everett stared at me confused not expecting my words.
I stared straight at Mr. Everett not willing to let my eyes drift from him to Jerico who must be seething with rage about now.
"Well Ms. Williams the point of this assignment was mainly to learn about group work and since you chose to work alone. You may lose marks for that, but if you include Mr. Wild. It will show you taking initiative and your willingness to cooperate and show some much needed team work on your part," Mr. Everett said.
I gaped at him, feeling a lump in my throat. How dare he turn this on me?
All the teachers in this corrupted school fangirled over Jerico. I over heard my math teacher talking about how great his math skills were. And my English teacher thought he was the brightest boy in school. Give me a break he barely came to class. They would all go on their knees for him.
Emily is everyone's favourite. Well most people's favourite. She's an average student in Carrington High. She's kind, respectful and polite. But when someone argues with her she won't step back.
Chris is the opposite of Emily. He's arrogant, cocky and self-conceited. Is known as the badboy of Carrington high by his looks and background.
Read on as the two love birds go on a journey full of hatred, jealousy and laughter.
Big thanks to @xbrowniequeenx for the amazing cover!
"Watch it, nerd!" shouted a guy named Chris. Yes, I am the so called nerd that everyone makes fun of. 
"Sorry," I mumbled. He was the one who bumped into me. Stupid jocks. I wear glasses even if I don't need it. I just wear it to let others leave me alone. I'm just Emily Tyson. But I keep quiet and people think I'm a nerd all of a sudden. 
I would be so proud of myself if I could stand up to all those jocks and popular girls, but when I try, it backfires. I end up getting hit or worse. 
My inner self is much more than what people actually see outside. I have a really bad side if my anger reaches to it's level. It's never gone off on anyone, but with all these type of people, I'm sure it will.  
"Move it, nerd," said a girl named Cassandra. I got shoved towards the lockers. Oh trust me, she is just like the leader of the Plastics from Mean Girls. Her Barbie doll minions follow her everywhere. 
I rolled my eyes. She walked towards the most popular guys in school.  
There is Tyler, the football player. Justin, the one who doesn't go out with girls and is the nicest one out of all three. Last, but not least, there is Josh, the Bad Boy player. Girls swoon over him like they just saw Adam Levine. 
I almost gagged. I rolled my eyes again and went to my locker. 
Just as I was about to open it, someone grabbed my arm and pulled me to a hard chest. 
I turned around and saw Josh. I just stared in shock because he's like the hottest guy while I'm the invisible nerd! 
"Emilia, right?" he asked. I nodded with a blank expression. I wasn't interested and had no idea why he would want to bother me. 
"Emily," I corrected him, annoyed. "So how come you aren't all over me like the rest of them?" he asked, curiously, motioning to the girls behind him. They were glaring in jealousy and looked like they wanted to beat me up once Josh was done talking to me. 
I sighed and shrugged at Josh. "Maybe you aren't hot enough," I said. He smirked. "Ouch, that hurt." 
"Good," I said and ripped my arm away from his grasp. 
"Oh, it looks like the nerd is getting fiesty." I sighed. "Are you done here? I have to grab things before I leave and I don't need to know that anyone is watching me. Now if you don't mind, I need my privacy." 
Suddenly, I was pushed against my locker. My head hit the hard locker and I had to regain my sight. 
"Listen up, you will listen when I speak. Don't. Mess. With. Cassandra. Again." 
I just looked at him. "Say what? I didn't do anything with Cassandra." 
Josh growled. "She said you shoved her and she heard you laughing at her." 
I scoffed. "Look, Big Guy. If I'm as fragile and weak as you think I am, I shouldn't even be able to take her down. Do you really think Cassandra will back down from a nerd like me when there are people all over school who hates her even more than me?"
Suddenly, I saw black spots. My hand went up to feel my left cheek. Ouch. It stings. Josh slapped me. He slapped me. 
"Don't mess with her again or you'll be dead sooner or later." Josh then walked off with girls behind him. 
I fell down the the floor in an empty hall in a horrible school. 
I wanted to cry, but I held it in. Woman up, Em. I looked up. Watch your back, Josh. My anger is just starting to rise. 
Revenge, I thought. Revenge.
Warm greetings everyone !
So, This is my first story that i am happy to share here on wattpad. Prior apologies for grammatical errors and spelling mistakes.Please I request everyone not to be harsh because it takes a lot of courage to start something new. (And i can be a little scary sometimes . Just kidding. Not.)
We all live in real world and face real ups and downs in life and hence we look for escapes. This story is my escape from the real world. So it may be cheesy or cliche but it is what i want it to be. 
The book is very cliche , it may contain stuff you might have read before. So, if you don't like it please I request you politely, don't read it .
And I would like to mention this story is dedicated to mikaelanay for being my inspiration.
Thank you everyone who is reading this. I hope you like my story.
Seeking for your support.-Zeel
© 2016 by Zeel Patel. All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced in any written, electronic, recording, or photocopying without written permission of the publisher or author. The exception would be in the case of brief quotations embodied in the critical articles or reviews and pages where permission is specifically granted by the publisher or author.
Although every precaution has been taken to verify the accuracy of the information contained herein, the author assume no responsibility for any errors or omissions. No liability is assumed for damages that may result from the use of information contained within.
~
I walk up the steps to the police station and clutch the sandwich tighter in my hands. Pulling the door open I'm met with a cold breeze. As my eyes adjust to the light I take in my surroundings. Seeing an officer at the front desk I put on a smile walk up. "Um excuse me"The officer scans me. Shifting I cross my arms and wait for him to answer."How may I help you miss" His eyes never left me as I stood in front of him. Feeling uncomfortable at his staring I ignored the fact that I felt another pair of eyes on me. "Um my uncle um he asked me to bring him some lunch so can you tell me were he is" He nods briefly before answering"Your lucky miss he's in his office today I'll get him for you." With a wink he left and I decided to sit down. turning around and not paying attention, I bump into someone. "Ompf, oh I'm so sorry" His arms reach out to steady me.Looking up I see a guy about my age, he had jet black hair and piercing blue eyes, with his white shirt, leather jacket, and black pants I got the impression he was a bad boy. He bit his lip then slowly ran his tongue over his lip. "It's no problem baby girl"His voice came out husky and I shifted trying to move away from his grasp but he wasn't letting go. Pushing my body against his he gets a better hold on me. Trying not to make it noticeable considering we were in a police station, I attempt to make it out of his grip but he had no intention of letting go. "Um please let me go"He laughs then looks down at me. Slightly pushing up my jumper he rubs circles into my hips. Holding me against him I feel his breath against my lips as he talks to me."Your cute baby, w-" He was cut off when my uncle came in clearing his throat. "Cade let my niece go and stay out of trouble" Cade scoffs then kisses my cheek. He walks out giving me a wink and a wave. Turning back to my uncle he see my scared expression. I've never been touched before."Don't worry Kay he was probably trying to make me mad again that gosh dang boy always causing trouble big trouble"Confused on what it meant I decided to ask him because in all honesty I've never really gotten into trouble, my parents had kept me isolated from the world."What do you mean Uncle Paul"Sighing he shakes his head, "I mean big trouble Kay, like street fighting and ......." Him trailing off made me more curious."What is it"Looking towards me i could see him debating wether he should tell me or not. nodding my head he inhales letting me know he's going to tell me. "Kay he's in a gang, a very powerful one, they basically rule London and the rest of the UK. " So he's in a gang, I don't get t ya it's powerful but what else. My uncle sees the confused expression and opens his mouth then closing of again. His face gives him away as he speaks."Kay he's the leader"



~ ! FORTSETZUNG VON „RIPTIDE" ! ~
Jassy steht knietief im Chaos.
Zwei Jungs – der eine, der eigentlich ihr Freund ist und gerade ihre beste Freundin geküsst hat – und der andere, der ihr gerade die Freundschaft (oder was auch immer das zwischen ihnen ist...war) gekündigt hat.
Und als ob das nicht genug wäre, überschlagen sich die Ereignisse weiterhin....
Mal sehen, wie sich der dunkelhaarige Wirbelwind schlägt!
************
~ Das ist die Fortsetzung von „Riptide". Man kann das Buch nur verstehen, wenn man „Riptide" gelesen hat!! :)
Viel Spaß :) x
 ______________________
© Copyright reserved. 2014  Nina Lealie.
All it took was four years for me to become the owner of one of the most successful cafés in the country.
I remember the day I reopened it as 'Madison Café' as soon as it become mine.
Oh how time has changed.
But the one person who stayed by my side through it all was Jeremy. My business partner of three years and my best friend of four years.
So here we are, four years, three TV appearances and a trillion pastries later.
I stay in the heart of Melbourne, making pastries and creating new recipes. I leave all the travelling to Jeremy, he's quite good with that stuff, in fact it was his idea to branch out.
So technically, I own three Madison café's.
But to me, it'll always have a special place in my heart as Brioche café, once owned by the beautiful Luisa Marie Durand. I can only hope she looks down at me, proud of how far I brought our business.
I wish I could see my mother more, but I understand she has another person to keep her hands full.
She adopted a little boy called Benny two years ago. He's the best little brother I could ask for.
They live about an hour away from the city and I visit them when I can, bearing cakes obviously, but not as often as I'd like.
Though my life has changed drastically, (I mean, my face is on a highway billboard for crying out loud!) I haven't changed.
Sure the past four years have been kind to me, one can say. I've still got my white-blonde hair, well it wasn't going to go anywhere was it?
But I let it grow out now. Somehow, having long hair that you can tie into a ponytail is so much easier than my windswept look which, thank heavens, I grew out of.
I've got sleeve tattoos that my mother isn't particularly happy about but I'm insanely proud of them; and more or less, a nose piercing.
I know what you're thinking, only douche bags wear nose rings, however, it was a drunk bet made between Jeremy, myself, Nick and Christian. (some friends I made a year ago.)
A bet that I lost, but thankfully, my football team won that night, so I was more than happy to get a hole pierced in my nose to shut those idiots up.
I'm a happy guy, living a fulfilling life. I get tearful when I think of the dark places I've been and how close I've come to ending it all... many times.
I'm proud of myself for holding on, just a little longer.
With all this in mind, I can't help but feel an empty void.
A void that can't be filled by anyone or anything except by the person who made it in the first place.
Desirae.
I tried to do it for a year. The whole, 'relationship' thing.
But it was too hard. We were living two different lives, living in two different places, too far apart.
Sooner or later we ended it. It was too painful. Wanting someone so bad; but not being able to have them.
We've gone three years without any contact. I wished her all the best and she wished me all the best.
I moved on. It took a painfully long time, but I moved on.... So I tell myself.
I didn't get over her though.
It's been three years and she still wonders into my mind.
I wonder how she is.
I wonder if she thinks about me as often as I think about her.
Alexis's POV
I'm a nerd. I'm extremely smart. I'm short but I prefer to be called fun-sized (I'm 5'1). I have blonde hair and blue eyes. I get good grades and have perfect attendance. I wear glasses but I don't need them. I wear baggy clothes but have an awesome body. I have a secret; I street race. I also street fight and dance. On top of that I am a gang leader. I live in Forney, Texas with my mom and brother. My dad is in the military so I don't see him much. My brother's name is Andrew and he is 6. I'm Alexis by the way I am 17 years old.
----------------------------------------------
"Alexis time to get up!" My brother yells at me. My mom is a professor at the community college. She gets up and hour and a half before us and gets to bed an hour and a half after us.
"Coming," I shout back.
I grab a pair of lose fitting jeans and an USMC tee-shirt with a over-sized sweatshirt on top. I brush my hair and put on my glasses.
I put my outfit on, roll up the sleeves and button it half way. Grabbing my Nikes and throwing them on, I grab an apple and my book bag. I meet my brother at my truck.
"Ready for your first day of school?" I ask my brother.
"Yeah, I can't wait to make new friends." He answers.
I drop him off and head to Forney Central High School.
'Day one, of hell' I think as I park.
----------------------------------------------
*********Authors Note*********
Monkeys are beating me up.  Thank you PerfectlyMad for editing.

This is a new story that I have wrote, I am still in the process of writing the end of the story and I need to re read everything for spell check. 
The story will be published in the next few weeks so make sure you're on the look out for it. And save it into your library to be notified for any updates. 
Coming soon: Teachers Pet.
Prologue:
Robert Daniel Taite is the bad boy that everybody is scared of. He is the school's famous quarterback. He is 6 foot 2, brown hair and typically mouth watering hot. You won't see him around the school without his troupe of fan girls  following him around. Late night parties, a different girl every week, he has the typical bad boy attitude also don't forget the dominant and assholish attitude.
What happens when Catherine catches Roberts eyes? Do they become friend or Something more? Will the BadBoy like her? 
Read and find out their story in here. 
∞∞∞∞∞∞
So this is my first book. Also guys if you don't like something about the book please do not read it. I really don't mind if you guys don't like it because
1. This isn't your book it's mine.
2. I'm not changing anything in the book if somebody doesn't like it.
3. Why don't you write a book. That way you know what it feels like and you know that it hurts when someone says that they don't like it or 'I hate your book'. 
So please READ AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Ika<3
THE GANGSTAR MAFIA SAGA
BOOK ONE:
Married To A Gang Captain
By: MariaNgiti
RATED PG. FILIPINO.
Started: March 21, 2015Finished: January 3, 2016
FORMERLY KNOWN AS: The Captain's Wife
NOTE: Ang mga foul or bad words po na mababasa niyo ay ginawa ko pong light lang. Hindi rin po kasi ako nagmumura eh ang mga gangster po kasi diba palamura? Kaya please bear with me po kung yung ibang mura ay corny. As much as possible din po ay susubukan kong di masyado lagyan ng mura ang istorya. And also, observe our male protagonist kasi.. Baste. Huehue. :)
Bonjour, bonjour !
Pourquoi une nouvelle version, n'est-ce pas ?
Eh bien, c'est tout simple ! Je ne suis pas satisfaite de la première. Enfin, si, mais pas énormément. Je sais qu'il y a des tas de fautes, des incohérences aussi minimes soient-elles, des éléments que je me maudis d'avoir oublié, des sentiments pas assez décrits ou décrits de façon trop enfantin. En soit, c'est une version qui ne me correspond plus. Surtout que les premiers chapitres étaient réellement trop courts par rapport aux derniers.
Pour tout vous dire, je ne l'ai même pas relu depuis qu'elle est terminée tellement elle ne me plaît pas. J'ai seulement relu peut-être un ou deux chapitres dans les derniers que j'ai écris parce que ce sont les seuls qui me plaisent à peu près.
J'ai donc décidé de la réécrire. Je voulais le faire sur la première version, mais il aurait fallut que je mette l'histoire en hors-ligne pour que ce soit plus facile pour moi et donc les nouveaux lecteurs auraient râlés. Donc autant tout recommencer à neuf, non ? 😉
Et aussi... J'avais pensé à quelque chose. ☺️🙈 Un petit quelque chose qui me trotte en tête depuis quelques temps. Je sais que beaucoup m'en avait parlé, mais vous dites ça à tous les auteurs des histoires que vous aimez bien et ce même si l'histoire n'est pas géniale. Alors je ne voulais pas. Déjà parce que je ne croyais pas en moi (bonjour le manque de confiance en soi) puis aussi parce que je ne croyais pas en mon histoire. Bref, comme on dit "Qui ne tente rien, n'a rien" ! Donc, cette version, si elle me plaît dans sa réécriture globale, qu'il y a zéro fautes (ou alors une vingtaine dans toute l'histoire), je verrais pour la faire éditer. 🙈🙈
Bon, je ne me fais pas non plus de faux espoirs. Surtout que ça voudrait dire le faire lire à mes proches, ma famille, celle de mon copain. Des gens que j'ai côtoyé le liront sûrement. Enfin bon, c'est assez gênant. Surtout que, pour moi, lorsqu'on écrit vraiment, on se met à nu dans nos écrits. C'est en quelque sorte une partie de nous. Par exemple, quand je lis un livre, je me demande toujours "Est-ce que l'auteur a vécu ce passage ? Est-ce que c'est ce qu'il a ressenti en vrai ou est-ce qu'il est juste bon pour décrire les sentiments ?" Donc voilà, encore de grosses réflexions avant d'arriver au projet final ! Dites-moi ce que vous en pensez. Et réellement, pas juste pour dire "Ton histoire doit être publiée parce qu'elle est trop bien" Prenez tout en compte. 😊😅
Sinon, niveau publication des chapitres : ce ne sera pas un chapitre toutes les semaines parce que je fais des études d'infirmière en Belgique. Mes week-ends sont donc très courts et comme toute étudiante, j'ai des devoirs. Puis, je suis en stage toutes les deux semaines ce qui veut dire que j'aurais un rapport de stage à faire. Rapport qui prend énormément de temps. Je vais quand même essayer de faire de mon mieux ! Ça retardera aussi la sortie du tome deux pour le coup. Si je veux que le tome deux soit parfait, le tome un doit l'être aussi...
Alors, prêt(e)s pour cette réécriture ? 😊

'Where's Daemon?' the blonde airhead asked me with exasperation once she rushed over having spotted me in the mist of the crowd.
I did an eye-roll. Did she seriously have to ask?
'I don't know,' I snapped. Having Drake Andrews cupping up a feel just minutes ago had left me in a bad mood and looking at the cliche version of the most popular girl in school, who might I add ignored me if she hadn't been looking for my best-friend, was not helping.
'He said he was going to the bathroom,' she continued on as if I hadn't said a word, before biting her over-painted rose red lips.
I smirked, knowing full well what was happening.
Daemon spotted a hotter girl than the one standing before me, claimed he needed to go to the bathroom and was now probably hooking up with said hotter girl in ironically the bathroom or one of the seven rooms in Guy Daniel's mansion of a house.
'Once you see him tell him I'm gonna be outside getting some air,' she said before disappearing into the crowd once again.
I lifted the drink of spiked cola and drank it, feeling the burning sensation as the alcohol flooded my system.
Daemon, Daemon, Daemon. What was I gonna do with you? I wondered to myself as I chanced a glance to the stainless steel wall clock on the... wall.
11:49 pm.
He should be down any minute. After all, he was my ride home and he knew I had a midnight hour curfew.
Daemon Matthews. My best-friend since those nappy days. My whacked up friend who knew nothing about commitment. The player of the school. That title had left me in more unsavory situations than I choose to be in.
He'd flirt back and forth, sleep with a girl then sleep with the girl's best friend the next day. Fun to say-not- I was left to clean up his mess for him.
'No, sorry Daemon is unavailable at the time being.' '
Yes, he is very sorry.' 
'No, Daemon was too drunk.' 
And my personal favourite, 'Daemon's moved to Switzerland.'
I've cleaned up more messes than I could count. That's me.
Santana Klaus. No joke. That is my name and don't be running your mouth off teasing me about being named after the jolly white-haired old man that goes around the world in one night handing out free shit.
I would've stood out alone in a room thanks to my stupid name, but add being acquainted with Daemon and everyone recognized me if not knew my name.
I was the girl every girl admired for being so tight with the guy every girl and some guys wanted. And in seven minutes, I was going to be the girl who was going to be grounded until she turned thirty.
11:53 pm.
Shit, Daemon. Where the eff are you?
Hooking up with an airhead, doofus! I answered my own question.
Pulling out my phone, I started composing a message to mom.
Might be a few minutes late. Sorry-
'Sorry, sorry, sorry San," I hear my best-friend scream out before he comes blundering down the stairs, still conspicuously shrugging on his black polo shirt.
 I scowl at him.
I could definitely see the appeal to him. I wasn't blind y'know.
Dark curls mussed over messily in an undeniably appealing way. Blue eyes that would make any one melt and a rocking body that was currently hidden by the shirt hugging his toned waist and low-riding jeans that appeared to have been yanked on hurriedly. 
He spots me in the crowd and heads over, the crowd parting.
He puts on a 100-watt smile, his dimples making an unscheduled appearance.
'Sorry San. I had business to attend to,' he apologizes.
'I can see that.' My eyes wander to a brunette with bedroom eyes that had just descended her make-up and clothes in a complete disarray with hair not hiding the fact that she'd just been completely lost in lust minutes ago.
Daemon doesn't bother to look behind him. That's his M.O after all. Once he gets you or you get him for one night, you're invisible to you again, no matter how attractive you are.
'Forgive me?' He plasters on his version of puppy dog eyes which is sexier and effective than the normal one.
'Give me the keys to the Jag and we'll call it even,' I hold out my hand for the keys, hoping against hope he'd let me have it.
A scowl appears on his face. 'I love you and all San, but I will not let anyone drive the Jag.'
Dammit!
'Worth trying, eh?' I start walking towards the front door after a swift glance at the clock again.
11:56 pm.
'Hurry up Daemon! You've got exactly under three minutes to get me home or I'll slice off a particular anatomy of yours in your sleep. So let's hope the Jag can make it.'
'You wound me San. Of course the Jag can make it!' He rushes after me, ignoring the yells that echo after him. 'Besides,' he smirks as he stands beside me, 'you love me too much to do anything to my prized member.' Pressing a kiss on my cheek he gets into his car, leaving me in the cold of the night.
My breath halts as the smile on my face from seconds before disappears.
If only you knew how right you were.
 



It's Ashley Donalds and not Ashley Taylor or Avery Daniels. I mistakingly typed Avery Daniels last time. 😫
Anyways, this is my another book. English is not my first language and in last few months I had no time to improve my English. There are going to be grammatical mistakes. I apologize beforehead for that. 
Enjoy!
-nerdinspects
                   
Cinco anos depois da separação, Liliana finalmente tem a oportunidade de rever Paco.
O mundo dos cupidos está completamente diferente agora que o Verdadeiro Amor está à solta. Mais da metade dos cupidos atuantes perdeu sua função original, e a solução para esse problema de desemprego reside em uma oportunidade única de intercâmbio: alguns cupidos serão mandados à Terra para compreenderem os princípios de atuação do Verdadeiro Amor e, em troca, alguns humanos comuns também poderão visitar o Quartel General do Amor.
Nessa confusão, Liliana está presa entre servir de babá para três cupidos adolescentes e descobrir quem roubou uma poção secreta com potencial para desestruturar a sociedade. As duas tarefas a deixam tão ocupada que ela não sabe se vai arrumar algum jeito de reatar seu antigo romance.
Afinal, Paco já não é apenas um estagiário... Ele agora é o Sr. Cupido.

PREFACE:
 
I can’t describe what kind of fear crept up my spine when I opened my eyes and all I could see was darkness.
I can’t describe what kind of panic I felt when I remembered the accident that left me different.
I can’t describe what kind of frustration and vulnerability I felt when I couldn’t force the darkness away.
             You read about the car accidents in the newspaper, you watch the ‘Drunk Driver’ headlines and feel sorrow, pity and sympathy but you never imagine yourself going through it. You never imagine yourself waking up in an unfamiliar bed after being in a coma for twenty-seven hours. You just never imagine it happening to you, but when it does, when you realise that you’ve become the source of pity and sympathy around your country, you just don’t know how to react.
Waking up was the worst part, especially to the constant rhythm of beeping that told me I was still alive. A warm, damp hand was curled around my own and I knew instantly it was my mother's. Just by the sheer warmth and motherly softness that belonged to it.
             “Mum?” I croaked as my eyelids slowly opened.
             “She’s awake, thank you God, thank you.” I felt the tears hit my wrist as my father’s name was called over and over again and seconds later, a rush of footsteps followed.
My other hand glided across unfamiliar sheets as I questioned my lack of visibility.
Why is it so dark?
             “Marley? Marley it's Daddy.” I turned in the direction of his voice and frowned.
Something was wrong, something was terribly wrong.
             “What happened?” I whispered squeezing my eyes shut.
             “You were in an accident baby; he was driving on the wrong side of the road and ran right into you. You’ve been in a coma for a little over a day, I’m just glad you’re awake honey. How are you feeling?” I couldn’t see my father’s bright blue eyes; I couldn’t see the crinkles that lined his eyes whenever he smiled. I couldn’t see the birthmark that lived on the base of his neck.
             “Dad?” My voice was shaking, “Dad?” I repeated as I pulled my hand away from my mothers and brought it to my eyes.
I tried opening and closing them, over and over again, first fearfully and then desperately. There it was again; complete and utter darkness.
             “Can you turn on the lights?” I croaked.
Silence was my response. Deadly silence, the silence that makes your heart hurt.
             “Honey, the lights are on.”
 
A/N
 Hello,
So, this is a new project I've been thinking about writing for a while and I've lost all patience, hope you like it.Happy reading and writing! Cora Virgop.s if you want awesome covers -> Graphic making by stabme, also thank you to AlexandraKarlsson for the multimedia :) x
**Hey peoples, this is my first story on here and this is just the prologue. If I get some nice comments then I'll keep posting so please let me know if you like :)**
Lucas Hamilton.  He’s tall, he’s lean, he’s blonde, and he’s got the bluest eyes I’ve ever seen in my life.  He’s smart, he’s outspoken, he’s sweet, and he’s fiercely loyal.  Well, he used to be anyways.  But anyways, because of these things, Lucas Hamilton is the Brad Pitt of my high school.  It sounds so cliché that it’s kind of sickening, I know, but it’s the honest-to-God truth. 
Girls love him because not only is he physically gorgeous, he’s also got one of the sweetest hearts at the high school.  Or so they claim.  Guys love him because he’s one of the best football players in the state.  Back to cliché?  You bet.  But even though this sounds like the beginning to any teen drama movie, it’s not.  This is my life at Brookston High.
It sounds like Lucas’ life, though, doesn’t it?  It’s not.  This is my life.  Why am I making such a big deal about Lucas Hamilton?  Why does he have anything to do with my friendless, social lifeless existence?  Well that’s easy.  He’s pretty much the cause of it.
But he’s the golden child, right?  He’s the good guy at the school, the savior.  The principal and all of his teachers love him, even some of the janitors.  He’s got girls lined up behind him and guys would kill to be him.  So how in the world did he manage to make my life suck?  How is he solely responsible for my having no friends?
Simply put, he was my only and best friend just two short years ago.  We were inseparable, the kind of friends that could spend weeks together and never tire of each other’s company.  We finished each others’ sentences; his family treated me like their daughter.  We cuddled when one of us was upset and he would hold me when I was scared.  We were closer than best friends—way closer.  People wouldn’t expect to see us in the hallways without the other.  If he got invited to something, it was common knowledge that I’d be his plus one.
No one else really tried to be my friend because they knew that Lucas, well, kind of owned me.  I know it sounds awful and completely weird, but it’s the truth.  Girls wouldn’t want to be my friend because they knew that I wouldn’t spend my weekends with them.  My weekends were dedicated to going over to Lucas’ house to escape my own. 
The crazy thing was, though, that people would still be his friend.  He still had his guys on the team, guys he would call up when he was dealing with some boy stuff the he didn’t want to bother me with.  He talked to other people in his classes while I would sit there by myself, immersed in some book and waiting until he would include me in a conversation.
I was totally reliant on him.  He was my everything.  As pathetic as it sounds, he was my home. 
So it was only customary for me to fall in love with the kid, right? 
He was gorgeous even back then, even when he didn’t have the muscles or the height or the pleasantly deep voice.  He still had his soft, almost girlish like blonde hair and his ocean blue eyes.  And he treated me like I mattered to him.  He treated me like any person on the world would want to be treated.  He was the best friend in the whole wide world—or so I thought.  
And well, when I started getting to the age where I actually cared about boys, I started looking at Lucas much differently.  His lips suddenly looked like they tasted good; his hands strangely looked warm and rough, as if they’d feel good on my skin.  I started getting butterflies in my stomach when he talked to me.  I started wishing for things or thinking about things that I’d never thought about before.
So what did I do?
I told him.  I told him that I was falling for him, that I was seeing him in a different way.  I put myself completely out there.  I trusted him with my heart; I didn’t think that anything bad would happen.  Naively I thought that telling him wouldn’t change our friendship at all.  I thought that we were strong enough to get through it if he didn’t love me back.
I was young and I was stupid. 
The moment that I had told him that I not only loved him but was in love with him, he got this panicked look on his face and then he told me.  He told me that he already had a girlfriend that he was in love with.  He was with Destiny Cleveland, this girl with perfect blonde ringlets on her head and mile-long eyelashes.  I remember thinking about how she seemed to sparkle when she walked down the hallway.  She was completely perfect.
She was perfect for my best friend—the best friend that I was in love with.
After my little confession, the two of us rarely ever talked.  If I ever tried to call him or go to his house, he or his mom would tell me that he was hanging out with Destiny.  He started avoiding me in the hallways, in the classes that the two of us shared.  He erased me out of his life.  I was the past and he wanted to fast forward.  We were through.
That had been my sophomore year, the absolute worst year of my life.
We were seniors this year and as I walked throughout the hallways, seeing Lucas hold hands with his perfect little girlfriend, I knew that nothing had changed. 
Lovely cover contributions by MysticalFighter external linked, go check them out. Tysm <3Also awesome cover contribution by lena-presents above.
•----------•
Greedily I picked up the packet of screaming Oreos and tore it open, I smirked, the Oreos flew further away running away from my awaiting grasp, I reached out to grab one and...
Bleep, Bleep, Bleep
I turned in my bed grunted, covering my ears firmly with my pillow, after a couple of minutes of torture, the beeping sound finally subsided and I smiled before closing my eyes and slowly started drifting back to sleep.
Suddenly I felt something heavy crash into my spine, I jumped in terror and let out a string of colourful words. I frantically turned over in my bed and fumbled about for my glasses, once they were on and my vision had cleared I looked up to find my 4 year old brother, Thomas, jumping up and down on my bed.
I frowned at him, I loved him and everything, but it was seven in the morning.
"Charlie, Charlie, Charlie it's morning wake up, you need to learn." He chanted obnoxiously, still jumping on my bed.
I loved him to pieces but sometimes, I wished he was like a normal 4 year old. Just yesterday I was watching TV while reading a book (What, I like to multitask?), and he walked in and started giving me a lecture on saving electricity.
I just mean, what most four year olds would of done is just walked in and started watching TV with me, but no he gave me a freaking lecture.
I guess that's what you get when you you mix my dad an environmental lawyer and my mum the head of an environmental testing lab. I mean you're bound to get at least one super genius child.
I grabbed him by the arms and pulled him down on the bed next to me.
"Okay, Okay I'm getting up, geez calm down." I mumbled trying to figure a form of revenge. Suddenly an idea popped into my head, I grinned and gave him a big wet sloppy kiss on the cheek and quickly climbed out of bed waiting for his reaction.
His big blue eyes widened with shock, as soon as he had register what had happened.
"Eew  girl cooties! That's disgusting Charlie, I have to go wash my face again!" he screamed, as he ran out of my room as fast as his little legs could carry him to the bathroom tripping a couple of times.
I chuckled softly to myself.
After doing my bed, I dragged my feet to my walk in closet and pulled a simple outfit off the wooden hangers and placed it neatly on my bed.
I then waddled over to my en-suite to have a shower, my parents jobs did come with certain advantages.After my shower I quickly chucked on my outfit while being cautious of time, I had chosen a pair of denim, distressed,straight cut jeans paired with my white "I Love Oreos" t-shirt, along with a brown cardigan.
I walked over to my desk and sat down, before brushing my waist length, brown hair, sorting out my bangs and pulling it into a low ponytail. My hair was a meek brown, mud brown even, nothing to special. 
I applied a small amount of watermelon lip balm and rummaged through my draw before pulling on my "best friends" necklace and slipping  it on. My best friends Chloe, Michelle, and I had bought it when we went on a family trip to Europe, we each had a part of a little charm that all fit together using a magnet. I did a once over and adjusted my black rimmed glasses on my face.
Please note that this is just fiction but it's how I perceive most teenagers these days. I don't mean to offend anyone by saying this. It is all just fiction, none of it is real. 
~
All Rights Reserved.
~
Para todos aquellos que han sido traicionados. 
Para aquellos que no creen en las personas. 
Especialmente para las personas que prefieren recluirse en sí mismos. 
Les dedico este libro y les deseo que algún día conozcan a una persona que con una sonrisa pueda cambiar su mundo y les dé la oportunidad de confiar plenamente de nuevo. 





This story is MINE. Please do not take it or use it because I will HUNT YOU DOWN! Just to let you know you can be fined/ go to jail if you plagiarize.  So if you don't want to be fined or go to jail  don't plagiarize (:  If you see my story or anything close to my story then please tell me. Again long story short DO NOT PLAGERIZE! 
These characters are fictional any name (living or dead) is a coincidence.This is NOT a GMW fan fiction, Star Wars, or a 5sos (sadly) fan fiction.
I hope you like my story, the title may change. 
I would love to have criticism but if it is HATE I will block and report you. If you don't like it then don't read. I'm new to writing I have won some contest though so I'm not that new. There is a fine line between bullying and constructive criticism.
 
Enjoy reading...
~Bri
DESCRIPTION
Chloe Miller - a sarcastic and innocent good girl who wants to be pursue a career in writing. She's not a nerd. No, don't make that mistake. She is like a kitten, cute and vicious at times.
'The Ryder Knight' - the badass. He is not a player. Don't make that mistake either. He is an arrogant bad boy who likes to keep to himself.
Well, when these two were to cross paths, it was bound to be a little... odd. And this was all because of a stupid catch. She hasn't known him for long but she already feels like ripping his head off.
❅ For starters, he is an arrogant badass.
❅ He is scary and ruthless while she shrieks at the sight of a cockroach.
❅ He gets drunk quite a lot while she's in bed by nine.
❅ He curses and she absolutely hates swearing.
❅ He fights, as in championships, and she can barely hurt a fly even if she wanted to.
❅ And lastly, he is a bad boy and she is a good girl.
This is going to be all rainbows and unicorns, right? No, don't make that mistake.
__________________________________________
A/N: This has way more seriousness than what is portrayed in the description. Kind of cliche but I love these types <3
This book is utterly unedited. So it's a 'Read At Your Own Risk' thing mwahaha. I'll back and edit it when it's finish :)
And just one more thing to say - Please don't be silent reader. Some authors on Wattpad love sharing their ideas and stories (doesn't mean advertising on someone's work) and in return, they expect/hope support from others.
So please don't forget to vote and comment on books (Including mine) =)
TRAILER TO THE SIDE by the lovely Jade (halcyons)
© 2013 Copyright ambrosia_ All Rights Reserved
A/N
To anyone who is reading this: Thank you for giving my story a chance and hopefully loving from the beginning to end. I have so many juicy details for this story that I am putting SO much effort on. Anywho, read, vote, comment, and enjoy. *****
Chapter One: First Day
I groaned when I felt something hit me hard on my back. Being the lazy ass that I was, I simply ignored the hit until it came a few more times. "What!?" I shouted, tired and cranky this morning. 
"Get up lil sis, junior year is very important," Alex chimed as he hit me once again with the stupid pillow. 
"I thought it was senior year."
"Met too," he sighed. Alex dropped the pillow and grabbed my ankles to drag me out of bed. I landed right on my butt while Alex was hoisting me up to throw me over his shoulder. 
"Alex! Put me down!" I shouted while punching his back. He didn't bother to listen since he dropped me in my shower and tuned the cold water on. 
Goosebumps crawled all over my skin as everything that belonged to me got soaked. "You are so dead!" 
Alex was already gone by the time I stood up to strip out of my clothes and take a shower. 
Looking at myself in the mirror made my stomach turn. Everybody said I had the perfect body that girls' would die or kill to have. I didn't believe that crap at all, which made everyone think that I was that type of girl who underestimated themselves. 
Maybe I was. 
I put on my bra and panties to only focus on my stomach. All the cuts and red marks roaming over it made me gag this time. It didn't make me feel happy, but it was a habit that I've developed over the past five years. 
Alex yelled my name downstairs, already frustrated that I was being hurried by my older brother, I pulled on a plain t-shirt and some blue ripped jeans. 
Downstairs Alex was already gulping down some orange juice when Claire stepped out from the kitchen in her robe. She held a fresh platter of scrambled eggs with a side of pancakes in the other. My stomach turned again. 
"I'm not hungry," I mumbled. 
Claire looked at me as if I were joking. "Maggs, I made this breakfast just for you-"
"I'm not hungry!" I yelled this time. 
"Maggie no shouting in the kitchen," Harry said from the stairs. He yawned as he came downstairs in his boxers and loose tee. 
I rolled my eyes at him which he gladly returned a smile. "Just eat the eggs and pancakes Maggs, it isn't so hard," he sighed. 
They all knew I was bipolar, so why did they agitate me like this? I hated begging forced to eat or do anything that I'm told to do, and I knew that would be a problem at school.
"I said I'm not hungry." Alex was about to protest but I put my finger up and walked back to my room upstairs. 
My hair looked like a mess. Hairs were sticking out everywhere as if I had rubbed a balloon on it, ends all wavy and curly while the top was straight. I didn't understand my weird hair. It was a dark brown with the ends wavy but middle and top straight. What does that even mean? 
       
Rewritten version posted 17/11/2015

 It's a well known fact that every girl dreams about their first kiss.
	It's practically programmed into us, sleepovers would consist of sitting around in a circle, sleeping bags bunched around our knees as everyone would question the act - what would it taste like? How would it feel? And of course, most importantly, who would it be with? 
	I always used to imagine that it would happen on one of our annual family holidays Robin Hoods Bay. My parents took me and my sister Adrianna down there every summer, it was a small fishing village located near Scarborough. My sister would sulk the whole drive down there, claiming it always rained and there was nothing to do. I couldn't disagree more, I loved going down and seeing the cute little beaches and playing rounders around the caravan park. 
	Every year I would make friends with the local kids, we would spend the days playing various sports or going down to the beach to buy ice cream. I had been in love with a boy named Toby. He had been a midget of a boy with freckles scattered all over his nose and forehead - to me he had been perfect. I spent most of the holiday shadowing him and attempting to hold his hand whenever we would play cards in our caravan while our parents would have a drink in the other room. 
	I imagined that it would be Toby who would have my first kiss. It would happen when we were on the beach one day, the sun setting behind us like it did in all those romance films I spent far too much time watching. Don't judge me - I was naive back then. 
	No, my first kiss wasn't anything like how I imagined it. There was no sunset, no romantic soundtrack to accompany the scene and no small, freckled Toby Johnson who I had spent my entire childhood dreaming about. No, my perfect little scenario was shattered by a ten year old boy who crushed my dream like Miley Cyrus on a wrecking ball. 
	His name was Jared Felton.
It had happened on June 5th, the day of my cousin Ashley's wedding. Ashley had begrudgingly chosen me to be a bridesmaid after my Mum had practically threatened to disown her if she didn't. Ashley had never been fond of my birds nest of blonde curls, she had claimed that it would ruin her wedding photos if I looked like some sort of mad scientist in a nice dress.
As usual my Mum got her own way, I remember feeling like a princess in my blue dress which had darker blue sequins circling my waist. I had been pampered all morning by Jan, Ashley's overpaid stylist. After two hours Jan had even managed to tame my hair with her various hair tools and brushes until it fell down my back in perfect ringlets. I had loved being the centre of attention; of course now I knew that most of the guests had in fact been staring at the beautiful bride walking behind me, but I loved walking down the aisle, teetering slightly in my glittery three inch heels and grinning madly at every camera in my way.  
        	After the ceremony the photographer had called us over to take pictures. Ashley faffed around for about twenty minutes, maneuvering us all around and waving her arms around like a mad women whenever anyone would slouch or mess up their hair. 
That was how I had met Jared Felton, I had been tiny when I had been ten; I had even been denied from going on the merry-go-round at Blackpool Park I was that much of a short arse, which was why I had been so surprised when I had been ordered to stand beside a boy who was only a few inches taller than me. 
	He had looked down at me, his blonde hair almost white and blinding under the sweltering sun. His lips shifted upwards; a cheeky smile taking over his features as his green eyes took in my puffy blue bridesmaid dress and glittery heels.
I walked into the gates of hell, groaning. As a student council, I shouldn't feel this way, but who wouldn't if you have to wake at 7.30 am just to attend a meeting? 
"Good morning, Arielle. You look tired," Jenna commented, looking concerned. "What happened?"
I smiled tiredly at her, before stretching.
"How can you be not tired? We woke up so early, I mean, look around. Every building residents are still asleep." I pointed at the houses nearby our school, all their lights off.
"Well, I am the class president," Jenna shrugged, before continuing. "But compared to you, I'm nothing, really. Come on, Arey. I've been friends with you for almost a year now, and I've never seen you like this!"
"I didn't sleep well last night, okay?" I groaned, slumping my shoulders.
I looked over at Jenna. She's so different from me. She had curly wavy blonde hair and bright, sea foam eyes while I have bright, brown eyes and dark, brown wavy hair with chestnut highlights. I have a tan and.. Well, she doesn't. 
I got into trouble for those highlights once. The teachers said something about discipline? I swear, that was the one time I got into serious trouble. I didn't bother to dye the highlights back, though.
Jenna was a fun and cheerful person, while I consider myself a really boring and dull person. She is sassy and open up easily to people, while I take some time to trust others.
But I can be sassy and sarcastic too, so bitches better beware.
"Hey, the meeting's almost starting," Jenna informed, pulling my arm.
###
"Your house is not even that far away from here!" Our teacher, Mrs Holt shouted, her normally calm and pleasant demeanor slowly changed, and her face contorted in an all - consuming anger; her nostrils flaring, her eyes flashing and closing into slits, her mouth quivering.
Scott Benson opened his mouth to explain, but Mrs Holt beat him to it. She refused to listen to reason, because the reasoning centers of her brain have been short-circuited.
"Detention for you tomorrow," She growled, but Scott just shrugged it off.
I sighed, knowing that detention won't change a thing for Scott. He's known throughout for his 'bad boy' image and reputation. He's one of the most popular jock in the school, and god knows how many one night stand he has had. 
Really, if detention could teach him a lesson, he would've been disciplined a long time ago.
Scott looked over at me, then smirked. I raised an eyebrow, giving him a face.
Scott and I have never talked, although we knew each other for almost a year now. Well, he's a jackass, I'm supposed to be the disciplined one, so you get the story.
Mrs Holt gave a sigh, then saw Scott looking at me. She then grinned, as if she has a great idea coming.
She clapped her hands, making us pay attention to her. I shifted my position to see the teacher's face better. It's hard sitting at the very back, especially with tall people in front of me. Mrs Holt has put me behind as so that I could watch over the class and discipline them better. Really, no one could even notice if I were to take out my phone now.
"Alright, class." Mrs Holt announced. "Let's change some seats. Brook, sit next to Hailey. Vanessa, sit next to Joel."
Scott raised an eyebrow, standing up and letting Vanessa sit in his place. 
"Scott.." The teacher scanned around, biting her lips. Her eyes then landed on me.
"You'll be sitting next to Arielle." The teacher announced. Scott made a face, looking at me. I heaved out a small groan.
"What?! No! Anyone but her." Scott protested, but Mrs Holt shook her head.
"Nope. I've made my decision. Hurry change." She ordered, giving him a death glare.
Scott cursed under his breath, and when Mrs Holt turned around, he pointed his middle finger at her.
He slumped down beside me, and I pursed my lips.
"I know you're enjoying this, but don't get the wrong idea. I don't like goody-two shoes girls like you," Scott muttered, rolling his eyes.
I gaped at him, slamming my table lightly. I crossed my arms, glaring at him.
*****
A/N ; how'd you guys like the first part? :3
COMMENT & VOTE :D

Book Of Spells For Mermaids
This book is for people who belive in mermaid and who are one or want to be one.
If you have any question comment or send me a message and i would help you as fast i can. 
There will be spell of how to trun in to one, charms, and other cute stuff!!
Hope you enjoy!>o<

1.
People don't understand what it's like to be diagnosed with a brain tumor.
The nurse, Cheryl, held my hand as she delivered the news a couple months ago. I tried not to focus on what she was saying, focusing more on the dark shadows under Cheryl's eyes, her messy brown hair, and the flowers on her scrubs. Anything other than the diagnosis.
My mom cried, which isn't a big deal since my mom cries everytime she sees a stray cat or one of those animal shelter commercials comes on, with pictures of sad animals and sad music playing in the background.
Then my Dad left the room, and came back with red-rimmed eyes and his hair parted like he'd been rubbing it with his hand. That was a big deal. I'd never seen my Dad cry. 
I stayed stony during the whole ordeal, stony as I learned that the tumor was inoperable because it was on my brain stem, and that my only treatment option was chemotherapy and steroids, the former of which I've since learned will leave you with a horrid taste in your mouth, and the latter which makes your face swell, and neither of which will save me, just prolong my life a little bit. 
Up until I started having headaches and they scheduled my MRI, which was pretty scary and led to my diagnosis, I knew next to nothing about cancer. All I knew came from charity television commercials that made my mom cry, featuring cute little kids with big smiles and bald heads as some celebrity with blinding teeth talked about how, for just nineteen dollars a month, you can help them in their 'courageous' fight.
I don't feel like my fight with cancer has been courageous. I just feel like it made me miserable.
I've finished my last round of chemo - and experienced all the side effects, everything from bald patches to bad tastes in my mouth to so much missed schoolwork that I've been forced to start 'alternative schooling', which basically means I do all my school online because they don't want the dying kid to come to school.
My mom has been researching various 'next steps' in treatment in places like Belgium and Italy, with big promises and pricetags to match, and no history of working.
My Dad has been taking as much overtime as possible. He says it's because we need the money for medical expenses, but I honestly think it has more to do with his crying wife and balding teenage daughter.
I can't blame him, I've also been desperate for an escape ever since I first heard the news about my cancer.
Thankfully, I'm getting my escape next week. Almost immediately after I started chemo, the Wish Granters were contacting us. I felt like some dying animal, like they were vultures circling me.
They asked me what my biggest wish was, and I answered immediately the wish I'd had for years - for me and my best friend Sara to go on a road trip from Ohio to Florida. Not to go to DisneyWorld or any normal wish like that, but to see a palm tree. I know I could see them in places other than Florida, but Florida is part of the magic of the wish. Ever since I was little my Grandma told me stories about how she fell in love with palm trees as a little girl growing up in Florida. 
I know, it doesn't sound too interesting. Trust me, I'm just not telling it right. My Grandma's one of those people where, every time she tells you about something she loves, you find yourself falling in love with it too. Whenever she talked about palm trees her blue eyes would light up and she'd look so happy, so enchanted by the mere memory of those trees. I made her promise when I was five that when I was older she'd take me to Florida to see the palm trees, but she had an aneurysm the following year, so it felt oddly fulfilling that my last wish would be spent on visiting the palm trees.
Of course, my parents had offered throughout the years to take me to Florida, but the main objective was never the palm trees. It was always a 'we'll stop and see the palm trees on the way to an amusement park', and I knew that wasn't what Grandma would've wanted. 
•Part 1•
Waking up in a hospital wasn't exactly great. But then again neither was the feeling that you got when you realised you've got your left leg and right hand in a cast and you can't remember why. 
The last memory I had was of me arguing with my ex, Patrick while someone familiar interfered as Patrick pushed me into a metal bin container, before everything went blank.
I let my eyes adjust to the bright light and clinical plain walls. Scanning the room, I realised I wasn't alone. 
"Mum," I croaked painfully. "What happened?"
My mum's motherly instincts made her jump up instantly. She smiled with relief as she passed me a cup of water. "Oh hunny, you're awake."
I nodded. "How long have I been out?"
"A few days."
I furrowed my eyebrows. "What happened?"
My mum took one of my hands into hers and held it tightly. "I was hoping you could tell me sweetheart. I mean, from what I heard, you and Patrick had got into a fight and he turned to violence ending up in you being here."
"What do you mean by 'from what you have heard'?" I asked confused. 
"Well there's this boy who's been sitting here since the day you arrived, waiting for you to wake up. He said he saw a bit of the fight." My mum told me with a smile.
I nodded. "He must be the guy who stepped in and ripped Patrick off of me."
My mums smile turned into a grin. "He better be sweetheart, he's a looker!" 
I rolled my eyes. "Mum, my last relationship ended up in me being here, I don't think I'm ready for another one."
"I know. I know." My mum nodded. "But you should at least meet him, he saved your life."
"You're right." I agreed. The least I could do was thank this guy. He saved my life because God knows what would have happened to me if not for him. And to be honest I remember him being familiar, so I was curious who this guy was.
My mum jumped up. "I'll go and get him." 
"Mum," I called after her. "Where's dad?"
My mum sighed with a smile. "He's dealing with Patrick."
I nodded. I loved my dad. Niether of my parents were very strict, but there was discipline in the house. My dad was the slightly stricter one because I was his only daughter and he always told me he wouldn't want to be in the shoes of any guy that hurt his little girl even the slightest bit, so I really didn't even want to imagine what was happening to Patrick right this--
"Can I come in?" The knock and voice at the door snapped me back to reality. 
"Yes, of course." I croaked.
The door opened wider and the boy stepped in, and as soon as he did, my aching jaw dropped and my breath hitched. The boy was hot. And I mean, God like hot. The sort of hot where you dont know whether you should stand and stare or jump on him and rip his clothes off. I already knew that this convetsation was going to go nowhere, because I wouldn't be able to speak. 
The boy didn't smile as he walked to my bedside. Instead he ruffled his light brown scruffy looking sexy mess of a hair nervously and pulled the sleeves of his oversized sweater as he took his seat. And as my eyes regained their focus, not only did the boy become hotter but I realised who the boy was which made stuff 150% worse.
"Hey, my name is--"
"I know what you're name is."I interrupted him slightly surprised by the fact I was actually speaking. His name was Liam Hamilton. He was Mr. Popular at my high school. 
His deep chuckle interrupted my thoughts. I took a deep breathe. "I'm--"
"I know who you are too." He smiled.
I nodded. "Oh yeah you should, the hospital report and stuff--"
"No, I knew your name before all of this." He told me.
I furrowed my eyebrows. "You mean you knew my name before you saved my life?"
He chuckled again, this time shoeing his pearly white teeth. "Yes, Lucy Banks, attends my History class, sits at the back next to that guy with the oversized glasses and undersized clothes." We both laughed. 
"He's called Larry." I told him still giggling.
"Larry." Liam nodded. "Anyway, miss Banks sits next to that Larry dude. She's quiet, likes to keep to herself, in class but out of it, she's... out of it." He chuckled making me laugh again. And blush. Liam Hamilton knew me. No not only my name, but he knew me. How was that even--
"How do you know all this?" I asked before finishing my own thoughts.
He shrugged. "Just because I'm the high school hottie," he winked, "Doesn't mean I'm stupid. I do own a pair of eyes, I notice people around me and what they do." He smiled, "Some just a little more than others."
My breathe hitched again, and I could feel myself going red. "I need to thank you Liam."
"For what? " he asked. 
"You saved my life." I reminded him. "I don't know what could've happened if you hadn't had intruded." The thought made my eyes water as I tried holding back tears. "I'll never be able to thank you enough. " I told him through tears. 
Without any warning, Liam got up and sat on the bed right next to me, putting his arms around me as I buried my head into his chest. I wasn't expecting the spark that erupted through my body at his touch. My heart skipped every few beats, and yet I felt comfortable and comforted. 
"I would've never forgiven myself if I let him hurt you babe--" I looked up at him. Did he just call me babe? "I'm sorry I meant--"
"Its alright." I smiled. "Don't worry."
He cleared his throat. "Just know that I'm here if you need anything babe." And again. Was I dreaming? 
I straightened up and smiled. "Thank you."
He smiled back. "I'm so sorry, but I have to leave. I promised my parents I'd come home for a bit as soon as you woke up."
I gave him an understanding nod. "I heard you've been here for the fast few days. Once again, thank you."
He rolled his eyes with a smile. "There's nothing to thank me for." 
"Li--"
"Look princess, why don't you give me your number so we can arrange something?" At those words I thought my eyes were going to pop. Did the Liam Hamilton just ask me for my number? A number of an average girl like me? I opened my mouth to speak but nothing came out. He noticed and chuckled. "Why don't you type it in?" 
I took his phone and did so. "I'm sorry I don't know what happened. " I blushed. I swear I couldn't go any more red.
He chuckled again. "Dont worry. Its cute." Or maybe I could. And suddenly, Liam bent in, kissed me on the cheek and left. 
I could feel my heart beat increase greatly and the monitor standing next to me proved it. I couldn't believe it, my saviour was Liam Hamilton. Liam Hamilton called me princess, babe, asked for my number and kissed my cheek. I had to be dreaming.
Typical teen stories, bad boy meets good girl, falls in love. But not this time. This time, it's about a bad girl and a good boy. 
{Your Pov} Oh hi, My names Èlainee Daniel, a lot of people call me Lainey. But anyways im walking home from my boyfriend Donny's house. Sometimes i question myself on why i choose to be with him, because all we ever do is Fuss, Fight, Scream, and Yell and im really getting tired of putting up with it. Anyways as i was like 3 blocks away from my house, i was close to the corner, and standing there was Chris. Chris is this thug, who basicly runs almost everything around here. On days exactly like THIS ONE, when he see's me he comes to try and talk to me, and sometimes even walks me home...with his crew not to far behind us. Well i guess i may have spoke to soon because as soon as i past the corner crossing the street, here he comes....
Chris: Heyy, wait up. What's the rush?
You: No rush, i just want to get home. 
Chris: Everything okay?
You:*Shrugs* Not really, thats why im trying to get home. 
Chris: Well, let me walk you there.
You: I dont see why not, i mean you do any other time.
When i said that, he chuckled and gently put his arm around me and we continued to walk the few littke blocks we had left to my house...
*At My House* 
When we got there, i saw Donny's black charger parked in front of my house, and he was sitting on the second porch step. When we saw us walking up, he stood up from the stairs, and he walked over to us and stood infront of our way.
Donny: Where were you?
You: Umm, walking. And why are you here, i told you i didnt want to be bothered w-
Donny: If you didnt wana be bothered, then why is he here, with his arm around you...Aye bruh, you wana get your arm from around my girl like that-
Chris: Naa "Bruh" it dont work like that.
You:*Sighs* Look Chris, please just do it. i dont want any problems.
Chris looked at me and nodded, then he slowly took his arm from around me. Then i just walked away from them as Chris walked off with his friends who were walking behind us. Then as soon as i got in the house, and was going to close the door, donny came and stopped it with his foot.
You: Donny, LEAVE. ME. ALONE. 
He just ignored me and roughly made his way in anyways. I rolled my eye's and looked away from him, as he stood in front of me.
Donny: You mind telling me, what the hell you were doing with him?
You: It wasnt even like that, he just wanted to walk me home.
Donny: Èlainee, he's a thug. He sells drugs, and he every ounce in a while kills people..
You: I barely even be with him. And times when i AM with him at least he has the desency to care enough about me!
Donny: *Smacks Lips* Whatever, but when he get the beatin yo ass or have you doin drugs dont call me! As a matter a fact sense you wana be stupid, dont call me ever again, PERIOD. We're done.
When he said that he left, slamming the door behind him. Thats when i then went upstairs to my room, plopped down on my stomach on my bed and i just started to rethink about everything that Donny had said about Chris.....
FULL DETAILS ON NOVEMBER 6, 2016
Reminders:
#1 Read synopsis and books description to gain better understanding of the characters
#2 Reading the first book is not required but is suggested
#3 If you have spare time, follow me on Twitter. @sugarcoatqueen I announce a lot of stuff there. 
Sana magustuhan niyo at sana masuportahan niyo hanggang dulo :)
Thank you!!
X Katerina
Prologue
I narrowed my eyes at the smug smirk he was currently wearing. He obviously wasn't going down without a fight - but, neither was I.
"Never have I ever..." he drawled, his eyes focused on me, "slept with someone's bestfriend."
This game was about truth, but how many times had he lied while we were playing it? So I did the same.
I held in a smirk. I could see just how interested he was in this particular answer. I could practically feel jealousy radiating off him in waves.
My hands shook as I raised the cup to my lips, watching in both satisfaction and horror as the smirk dropped off his face and he actually looked hurt. 
Was winning this little game between us worth hurting him?
"Never have I ever..." I swallowed, "lied when I said 'I really like you,' " I'm sure he could see how specific I was being. 
So, he probably also could see my bottom lip trembling when he raised his red plastic cup to his lips, and took a long, agonizing gulp of the alcohol.
When he was finished chugging the last bit of beer, he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, flashing me an arrogant grin.
Yeah. Winning was so worth it. 
So, game on bitch.
Aspen Anderson has eight over protective brothers. She falls for a bad boy ignoring her brothers warnings after an event that ruined Aspen. She deals with many problems panic attack and anger issues are just a few of them. With the help of her bestfriend Sawyer, her twin brother, her other brothers and the bad boy. Aspen's life is a journey.
"Gemma are you sure you want to go so soon?" My dad asks me as he helps me carry my bags out to my car. 
"Yeah dad. It's okay, I'll come and visit" I say hugging him as he secures my luggage and kisses my cheek. 
"Tell mum I love her and the rest" I say before getting into my car and driving off. It's been a week since we moved to America and I'm pretty much loving it. I am already enrolled into college because I applied when I was back in England. I also found an apartment to share with some other people. Once I find my way I park my car in a parking lot and walk up the long stairs in the beautiful white apartment building. I find my room and open it. The place was quiet and seemed very chill. I didn't know exactly which room is mine. 
"Hello?" Someone walks into the room behind me I turn around and see a pretty brunette looking at me confused. 
"Hi I'm Gemma the new roommate" I smile she smiles back widely 
"Oh Great a girl!" She exclaims I look at her confused, but before I could answer someone walked into the room behind her. It was a tall male with brown eyes and a chiseled face. 
"You must be Gemma" his husky voice says greeting me with a hand shake I smile and nod. "What do you think Kyrin is going to say about her?" He asks the female. 
"I don't know. By the way I'm Kelly and this is David. Kyrin is not here right now, but we are all your roommates" she smiles. A surprised look come overs my face. 
"Oh okay sounds great" I say 
"Where's your items?" David asks me 
"Down in my car" I reply sweetly he nods and we all walk down stairs and grab my items from my car. 
"This is your room" kelly exclaims as we enter this all white room. It was a good size for me. I smiled and thanked them. They left me alone for I could get everything settled. The all white bed and everything seemed great and all, but I seriously need to give this place a make over. I put my things up and my clothes in my closets. I look around and jump onto the bed. Instantly hearing the front door close. Kyrin must be here. I didn't dare walk out there yet because I was still a bit nervous. I could hear a few mumbles outside my door. 
"The new roommates here" Kelly's voice chirps 
"Really how is he?" An unfamiliar voice asks. Must be Kyrin... Does he know I'm a girl? 
"In there" Kelly mutters and a knock comes to my door. I slowly get up to open it. 

"Dammit! I thought moving out would be our salvation, that our dads would back off a little." Amber yells, throwing herself on the couch.
"What are you talking about?" I ask, coming into the living room, just getting home from work.
"We've been summoned." She replies ominously.
"Why? What did we do?" I question.
"Last night. They found out about last night, Emmy." Her defeated voice is kind of funny but I snap out of it.
"How did they find out?"
"Your stupid brothers."
"I'm going to kill them. What do you think they'll say?"
"That we need to be more responsible, living on our own is a privilege, yada, yada, yada."
"This blows. Why would Harris and Jackson say anything? I bet they got in trouble, too."
"You’re joking, right? Even if they are your little brothers they act like your big brothers. They are just as overprotective of you as your dad is."
I groan, please God let this be as painless as possible. "I'm calling my mom and making sure she's there for this 'meeting'. She'll have our backs when our dads start ranting."
"Good idea. Call her right now. We have to be at your parents’ house in an hour."
I take my cell phone out of my purse and walk to my room. We have a large condo that my dad owns. It has four bedrooms with three bathrooms and is in a really good neighborhood, we love it. But he's going to threaten to take it away, all because of last night.
Last night Amber and I decided to celebrate our freedom and go to a club that just opened. Harris and Jackson, my twin brothers, who are twenty-one like Amber, came with us for protection. That means any guy who dared to talk to us got shoved away and told to fuck off. So, we decided to ditch them and go to a club down the street. Bad idea. When we were about to leave, the guys we were talking to started to get grabby. They followed us out of the club and started pulling us to their car. We were lucky Harris and Jackson heard us and came to our rescue.
I start undressing thinking about work. I work for my father at his company. I'm an analyst working on finding companies in financial crisis. The dress code is strict so as soon as I get home I put on my yoga pants and tank top. I look at my figure. I hate it. I'm smaller than my mother, which is saying a lot. I'm thin, my arms are like twigs and my legs match. I can't gain weight, I've tried my whole life. If I do gain any weight it goes right to my boobs, which don't need to get any bigger. I did get my mother's chest, hair and face, but that's all. I'm two inches shorter than her making me five foot even and rail thin.
Picking up my phone from my bed I call my mom.
"Hey! Baby girl, I miss you!" She yells.
"Well, you'll be seeing me in forty minutes, we've been summoned."
"Oh, what happened?"
"Amber and I got busted going out and when we ditched the boys they had to save us from these guys that were trying to force us in their car." I say not taking a breath.
"Emery Elizabeth Kahn! What are you doing with men like that in the first place?"
"We obviously didn't know they were like that, mom."
"You’re lucky your brothers were there. Your father is going to go ballistic."
"He all ready has! I need you there to calm him down. You know how he and Uncle J.J. get when they're together."
A/N: Hello everybody! My name is Christine and this is my fifth book I think. One I unpublished just so I could write this book. 
Give this book a chance and read a few chapters before you'll eventually give up on it, if you want.
Vote and comment to see your supporting.
I will update this book as much as I can ,seeing that I have other three books to continue.
Well, here is the Prologue. Enjoy!
***
I am that loner girl. The one who sits at the back of the class and doesn't try to get attention unlike my  sister ,Jemima.
We might be twins but we are opposites in many ways. Per example: I'm the smart and loner girl and she is the more-dumb-than-smart and outgoing girl. She's the cheerleading captain and also the Queen Bee of this school. I live in her shadow but I like it.
I am that back off girl and she is that clingy girl. No wonder why every boyfriend of her broke up with her. Who was to help her then? Me ,of course. I'm her sister ,so even if I don't want to, I need to help her. She helped me in my dark times too.
She has brown, wavy and beautiful hair with dark brown eyes while I have some sort of blonde hair and boring brown eyes. She's beautiful in every aspect while I'm ugly in each aspect of her being beautiful. But I don't mind as long people don't point that out.
"Addy! Do you know where my straightener is?" My sister screamed. Yeah, she calls me Addy home but in school she doesn't even know who I am. I asked her for that.
"No!" I screamed back at her, returning to my laptop. I was playing some Barbie games because I didn't have anything to do. 
"Never mind! I found it!" Jemima went into her room which was across from mine. I got up from my seat on the bed and went to her room. I leaned against the opened door.
"Anyway, why do you need the straightener?" I questioned her with an eyebrow raised. Jemima turned around in her chair and gave me an 'are-you-crazy?' look, then returned to straightening her hair.
"Didn't you hear mom? The Anders family are going to come over!" She squeaked out. I furrowed my eyebrows and tilted my head a little bit to the side.
"Oh...and why is that?" 
"Duh. How could I know?! She just said to get ready. And ,besides, The Bad Boy of this school is going to come at us!" She began to squeal. I put my hands on my ears. Damn, this girl...
She's with seven minutes older than me, but she is very childish while I'm the more mature one.
"The bad boy? Who the hell is he?" I really didn't know who is he. At school, I'm staying in a dark corner and try to not be seen. Also, I'm always daydreaming so is a bit hard to know what happens around me. 
Jemima gasped and turned around abruptly, almost falling from the chair .I crossed my arms over my chest and waited for her to explain after she got from her too shocked to speak state. 
"How could you not know him? Did you live in a cave or something?!" She screeched. I shook my head but I began to think of a scenario where I was a caveman -or is it cave woman?-  and I was chasing after animals with a stick in my hand ,screaming 'UGGA UGGA' .I stiffened a laugh at this. My sister shoot me a crazy look. 'Don't do that when he comes here." 
I rolled my eyes. "Okay, mom!"
She went back to what she was doing. 
"What's this bad boy's name?" I asked out of curiosity. Jemima literally face-palmed.
"Seriously?! Ugh , his name is Ayato Ian Anders, but he likes to be called Ayato by his friends and family. He's seventeen , eighteen in one month. He has brown messy hair, dark brown eyes and a too hot body and his voice. Oh God. His voice..." She began to ramble so I stopped her.
"Okay, okay. I got it. He's an angel," I rolled my eyes. "And ,besides, isn't he one of your boy toys?" I asked her, pointing at her with my index finger.
She shook her head ,a dreamy yet longing expression on her face ,as she looked in her mirror. "No," Then she snapped her head at me so quickly that I was scared it might fly off her head. I widened my eyes in surprise. "But he will be."
I began to back off a little. "Okay, Jem. Don't get crazy," And with that said ,I went to my room and changed for the big event. I scoffed. Big event my ass.
- - -
Mr. Bad Boy Saw Me Naked. Copyright © 2015. All Rights Reserved.



Hi everyone! This is yet another story that I have come up with, I really hope you like it and please comment as well as vote! It means a lot! :)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Everyone is born with two fears; a fear of falling and a fear of loud noises. Everything else we pick up along the way. Some of you reading this may suffer from claustrophobia; a fear of closed in spaces. Others might suffer from arachnophobia; a fear of spiders. It's funny really, isn't it? All popular fears and phobias have unique names. Every single one of them are considered special enough to be recognised. For example: acrophobia; a fear of heights or agoraphobia; a fear of open spaces. But you see, my phobia doesn't have a name, because nobody should be scared of their dad.So here is my story, my escape and my triumph. Every phobia is an obstacle, but it's one that everyone can get over, even me. However, I didn't do it on my own; I had help. Everything first started to happen about a month after my mum's funeral, and then seemed to get worse after I started talking to Cooper, so maybe that would be a good place to begin.
                                                             Prologue
           As I slowly woke up from my peaceful slumber, I cautiously stretched out my muscles. When I didn’t feel the familiar pain, I smiled in relief. It was going to be a good day, one where the nagging pain in my back wouldn’t plague me. I rolled over and sat up on the side of the bed. My eyes took in the massive room around me, and I thought once again how much my life had changed in the past seven months.
            Before, I was living my life with my parents and older brother. But that changed on the night that our car was hit by a drunk driver. My parents had been killed instantly, and my brother was in a coma. I had suffered severe injuries to my back, forcing me into intense physical therapy. But I no longer needed my wheelchair, except for really bad days, and I was able to walk again. The only way people would know that something had happened to me would be if they saw the large amount of scars on my back, that had been caused by the shattered glass of the car windows. Since I didn’t go out in public without a shirt on, I wasn’t overly concerned about people seeing me.
            When my parents had died, I’d moved in with my very wealthy and somewhat eccentric Uncle Liam. He was amazing, if a bit clueless about what to do with a teenage girl living with him. He’d had my brother, Jake, transferred to the local hospital, meaning I could still visit him whenever I wanted too.
            This was my last weekend of freedom. On Tuesday, I was starting at a new school. I hadn’t been to school since the accident and I was a little nervous. I’d had tutors to help me pass my classes for last semester, so I wasn’t worried about my grades. No, I was worried about the people. I had trouble talking to people now. Since the accident, I’d become a lot more silent then I used to be. Don’t get me wrong; I’m by no means a completely quiet, depressed girl. But I found it difficult to deal with the sympathy that I got when people learned about what had happened. Which was exactly why I planned on telling no one what had happened to me.
            But that all changed when I met a certain boy. This is our story.
**********************************************************************
So this is a very short introduction to my next book. It will have love, laughter and tears, but no Shifters this time. Give me your honest opinions on this, even though it's hard to tell what it's about at this point. I'll be uploading every other day, opposite of the days I upload FTGO. Once FTGO is done, I'll upload this one every day if enough people are enjoying it. 
Thank you leeleecometsearcher9 for the awesome cover.
Hope you enjoy it!
/!\ Tome 2 de Almost Secret agent! Risque de spoil, ne lisez pas ce résumé si vous n'avez pas lu le tome 1! /!\
"_ Tu crois au destin?_ Tu es bien là... Devant moi."
Après six ans, je suis de retour. J'ai tenu une promesse faite à l'homme que j'ai aimé, et que j'aime toujours. Mais est-ce que j'aurais simplement pu prévoir tout ça? Est-ce que j'aurais pensé que mes pires craintes se révèlent être une réalité désormais?
Nous avons tous grandi. Nous ne sommes plus les mêmes. Et pourtant, j'ai toujours cette irrésistible envie de tuer Adam Peterson de mes propres mains. Pourquoi? Lis la suite de notre histoire, tu comprendras sûrement mieux mon envie.
La personne qui me plagiat, signe son arrêt de mort! ;)
Senyuman tidak lekang dari bibir mungil si kecil itu. Tangannya erat mengengam tangan ibunya. 
" Ibu, betul ke kita nak tengok kapal terbang ni?"
Anis hanya tersenyum. Dia memandang sekilas wajah suaminya, Raihan yang setia berdiri di sisinya. Kepala anak kecil itu diusap lembut. Kepalanya mengangguk.
" Ya, sayang. Kan tu apa yang Hana nak. Janji Hana jangan jadi naughty girl okay?"
Hana mengangguk laju. Senyumannya semakin melebar apabila langkah kaki mereka semakin menghampiri kawasan lapangan terbang. Tangan ibunya segera dilepaskan. Kakinya laju berlari memasuki kawasan lapangan terbang itu.
" Hana! Jangan lari, sayang!"
Jeritan ibunya langsung tidak diendahkan olehnya. Kaki kecil Hana berlari laju memasuki lapangan terbang itu. 
" Hah, Hana! Nak pergi mana tu? Ayah kata apa? Kalau nak tengok kapal terbang tak boleh naughty kan?" 
Raihan sudah mendukung Hana yang montel itu. Hana tersengih menampakkan baris giginya. 
" Sorry, ayah. Hana promise takkan buat lagi."
Hana memeluk leher Raihan lembut. Raihan senyum. Dia terus berjalan. Apabila sudah sampai ke satu tempat, Raihan dan Anis berhenti melangkah. Hana diturunkan. Hana pelik. Seluar Raihan ditarik lembut.
" Kenapa, Hana?"
" Kita tunggu siapa, ayah? Kata nak bawak Hana tengok kapal terbang." 
Raihan memandang wajah Anis. Mereka berdua sama sama tersenyum. Raihan membongkokkan tubuhnya. Rambut Hana yang berwarna sedikit keperangan diusap lembut. 
" Kita kena tunggu paksu Adham dulu. Nanti barulah Hana boleh tengok kapal terbang."
Hana menarik muncung. Pipinya dikembungkan. Tangannya disilangkan tanda protes.
" Mana aci! Ayah tipu! Kata nak bawak Hana tengok kapal terbang!" Hana menjerit. Dia mula menangis. 
Raihan dan Anis hanya mengeleng melihat telatah anak mereka. Mata Raihan dan Anis sibuk melilau mencari kelibat seseorang. Senyuman terus terukir pada wajah Raihan. Kelihatan seorang lelaki berjalan keluar dari sebuah pintu. Raihan dan Anis terus berjalan ke arah lelaki itu.
" Jom, sayang." Anis meraih lembut tangan Hana. Hana yang masih menangis hanya menurut.
Raihan sudah memeluk erat tubuh lelaki itu. Mereka berbalas pandangan.
" Lamanya tak jumpa kau, Adham."
" Sama lah, Raihan. Kau tahu lah kan aku ni macam mana."
Raihan hanya senyum. Bahu adiknya ditepuk lembut. Bukannya dia tidak faham, dah memang pekerjaan adiknya sebagai seorang juruterbang. Memang jarang berjumpalah jawabnya. Adham turut senyum. Matanya memandang tubuh kecil yang sedang menangis di sebelah kakak iparnya. Adham terus berjalan mendekati si kecil itu.
" Hana."
Hana terus memandang wajah Adham. Tanganya masih giat mengelap air mata. Adham senyum.
" Kenapa anak buah paksu ni nangis? Siapa buat Hana nangis ni?" tanya Adham lembut.
Tangannya membelai rambut panjang Hana lembut. Hana mengisap ibu jarinya.
" Ayah kata nak bawak Hana tengok kapal terbang. Tapi ayah tipu. Hana nak tengok kapal terbang."
Adham senyum. Jam di tangannya dipandang. Kedua dua belah bahu Hana dipegang lembut.
Welcome to my first story on Wattpad! This is officially my first time writing a full length story, and I began this book when I was just 13. Though I have tweaked the rougher parts of the story a bit, the beginning is still a bit rocky and hard to get into. With that being said, I hope you can still enjoy my book and watch as my writing progresses for the better in later chapters. Don't forget to vote and comment your opinions or if you feel there's something I could fix! 
***
P h o t o #1 - A Photograph To Start It All
Saying that I thought this school was tragically full of idiotic students was a completely humongous understatement. 
Currently, after fishing through my emergency pocket-sized Oxford Dictionary during my little study sessions when I had the free-time, which I seemed to have a lot of these days, I still had yet to find a strong enough word that correctly described my female classmates idiocy at that exact moment; as I watched them superficially scratch each other's eyes out. Yet even though I tried everything within my power to steer clear of anything coming close to this dreadful scene - and I was pretty good at it too - somehow I was used to all of this ruckus going on in front of me. 
I pushed myself past the dozens of squealing girls, trying with all of my might to get to my locker, seemingly just out of my reach. 'It's like a damn Justin Bieber concert up in the main hallway.' I thought angrily. Just as I finally felt a bit of hope swell in my chest as my eyes landed on my melancholy purple locker, I suddenly felt two hands latch onto my shoulders, long nails digging into my pale skin. I yelped out at the suddenness of a touch filled with animosity directed my way.
"Watch it. We all get our turns to talk to them!" A clearly artificial red-head with unnerving spider-legged eyelashes barked at me as she flung me to the ground, staring down at me like I was some pest she was personally told to get rid of.
I dropped to the unforgiving tiled floor with a loud thud, but the noise was lost in the wave of jumpy questions and excited hand gestures that the girls dished out in the direction opposite of mine. There was so much giggling and yelling going on in the hallway, my bottom hitting the cold floor couldn't be heard over the chaos. Not that anyone would so much as give me a hand to help myself get steady.
I clutched my bag to my chest so it didn't hit the ground with me. As the crowd raged on, only one thought crossed my mind. I knew for a fact that I didn't want my Nikon D3100 to dent, scratch, or god forbid break. Even if it was in its homemade snug compartment at the bottom of my ratty bag, I was still always a bit wary when with it. I had known, somewhere in the back of my head, that it was a bad idea to bring my beloved camera in today, but I was a lost cause when it came to helping myself. I should have remembered that the first day of every year was always like this: rowdy, chaotic, unnecessary. Plus, now that I was going to be late getting home due to this thorn in my side, I wouldn't even be able to take any pictures of the gorgeous, ever-changing scenery that hid behind the school, just out of everyone's line if sight.
I guessed I was so attached to my little sanctuary because it reminded me of my current self. 
With a pained sigh, I got up and ran my hand threw my long, black wavy locks, not wanting them to get anymore funny ideas about getting even messier than they already were. I adjusted my glasses on the bridge of my nose and brushed the small dust particles that stuck to my pants off that had clung to me from my tumble. After my little clean-up session, I scraped up whatever determination I had left in my awkwardly lanky 5'6" body. I wasn't going to give up without a fight! Ok, well, maybe not when I had nowhere near enough guts to even fight a fifth grader...
I shook my head realizing that my thoughts were getting off topic already. With a huge breath, I charged into the crowd head first. I couldn't just back down, I really did have to get home. It was a Wednesday, and that meant I couldn't "dilly-dally around" as my grandmother would say. To my surprise, I actually made it to my locker.
introduction
❝ Ashley James has tried to hide in the closet for months when she mistakingly kissed her best friend at a party - and the worst thing is, both were sober and one had a boyfriend. She lost several things that night: a $20 bill, a pack of sour patch kids, and her best friend. To bring up Ashley's confidence again, she began to date a boy named Mason Baylor. Everything about her life seemed normal - until a cute girl named May Parker came along to ruin the show Ashley was performing for friends and family, and to teach her that everything will be okay. ❞
♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥
I've had this story sitting around for six months because I didn't really know what to do with it or how to start. I guess you can say the Supreme Courts decision on June 26th, 2015 really inspired me to dig this story out of the junk pile and get started on it. 
I wanted to write this book for some kind of competition that I always see all around Wattpad, but I couldn't really find anything that got my creative juices going. So, I'm just here to write my own novel (I'm not really sure if this is going to turn out to be a short story or a full length novel, but I guess we'll just have to wait and see).
Please, under any circumstances, do not copy this story or plagiarize it in any way! I will find you, and I will personally hurt you. Honestly. It's just rude. 
Anyway, I'm really excited to start this book! I already feel very strong and confident about the characters and plot and I'm just so excited!
Hope you guys will join me and will enjoy this story just as much as I will!
Started: July 16th, 2015Ended: February 15th, 2016
Yo I'm Omari lee but they call me Oreo. I'm your average thug and take my shit seriously. I get money, get hoes, get money, and shoot niggas who steal from me simple as that. I shoot niggas first and ask questions later. I don't give a fuck about nun of these girls around here in New Orleans. They some hoes anyway I just love them for pleasing my needs. Enough about me.-I was heading to my trap I heard one of my workers been stealing from me. I don't like that shit, I trust you wit my money and you steal. Hell naw I don't like that shit. I pulled up to the trap and headed inside. Our trap house looks like a regular house when you walk inside. I had it registered to my grandma so if the cops come looking they won't except nothing from me. 
I walked inside to see my granny smoking weed while rocking in her rocker. I laughed my grandma always gonna ride and die for me and her weed."Grandma rose stop that before you out smoke yourself." I chuckled while taking the blunt from her.
"Oh be quit Child you know I need this to live, and plus I got more under my bed so don't worry about it." She said laughing getting up going to get some more blunts. 

"Whatever grandma whatever makes you happy, I luv you!" 

"I love you too boy." I walked to the back to my old room. I moved the book shelf and switched the switch. The wall opened up I stepped into my elevator while sliding the book shelf back. I waited for the elevator to ding when it did I stepped out to see all the workers lined up.

"Waddup dion I see you keeping them in check so who been stealing?" I asked my nigga. Dion was the only one I can trust. We entered the game together and we gonna get out together. We knew each other since we both got kicked out our homes. We both ended up getting into the game and rising to the top.
"Well, lil Cindy here was caught smoking the product, and taking 10 grand from the safe." Dion said loading his sniper. Dion crazy he'll use any thing to kill some one with. Last time when we had to bust this trap house, he killed the dude with a banana. He stuffed it down his throat.

"Is that true Cindy?" I looked down at her shaking and crying body. Her body was good looking in all, but she had some good mouth game too.

"N.nno! I will never still from you babb.by" she studdered. I grinned at her and licked my lips. I looked at dion and he nodded.

"Aight dion check the workers while I go speak with Cindy." He nodded and checked the workers. I headed to the back into my small room. I sat on the bed and laid back motioning for her to come here. She moved slowly towards me and sat on the bed.

"What you gonna do for me?" I said looking into her eyes. She was scared and she knew what she needed to do. She smiled and got on her knees. She pulled out my dog and started getting down to business.-I pulled my pants up and walked out the room leaving her on the bed. Oh I ain't done she think I'm gonna let her walk away without a warning.

"Dion everybody clear?"

"Yea they good so what you want me to do with ms.Cindy?" I laughed and shook my head, he always tryna kill some body.

"Naw, I got this now dion, just hand me my pocket knife." I know I know yall probably like why not use a gun no I want her to feel the pain. He handed it to me and I walked back to the room. This knife was strong enough to cut through bone. I walked over and told her to give me her hand. She hesitated but gave me her hand. She got good gripping hands doe.

"W..what are ya g..gonna do to me?" She stuttered letting tears fall from her eyes.

"Oh baby you won't have to worry, because you want gonna be stealing from me again right?" She looked at me like I was crazy. After a minute I whipped out my knife and cut her middle finger and ring finger off.

"Ahhhh Ahhhh ahhhhh pleas...I'm.sss.sooo sorry!" She screamed as I finished cutting of her fingers. I threw her fingers at her and walked out.

"Somebody go clean her up."I got out the trap and headed up to go smoke with my grandma. See the shit I go through. Well thats what I get for choosing thug life but you gotta love it.
vote
Comment
Share

I held my empty mug tight until my knuckles began to turn white. Fifteen minutes ago, it had hot chocolate inside, but I drank it all waiting for my boyfriend to arrive. An hour ago, he had told me to come meet him in the café we always came to. It was our favorite place to come and get coffee or hot chocolate.
I was angry at Jeremy, my boyfriend, for being so late, but I like him. A lot. I don't know what I'd do without him. He's my everything. We've only been dating for a month now. 
He is important to me. He always has been. Even when we weren't dating. I still cared for him. I had a crush on him since freshman year. Now I'm a senior and he finally had the courage to ask me out last month. 
Prologue October 13thNovember Smith"Hey, babe, you wanna go out tonight?" The tall, slender boy leaned up against my locker just seconds before I slammed it shut."Cameron. Cameron, Cameron, Cameron." I pinched his cheeks, making his eyes widen the slightest bit. "I'm not your girlfriend, stop acting like I am." I gave him one last smile, waving as I walked away and to my first period class.
Cameron Johnson -- the boy that thinks every girl wants him just as much as he wants them. He's liked me since fourth grade, all because I - out of all people - decided to share my crayons with him because nobody else would share. Ever since then, he's convinced that I like him. Sure, most girls fall for him because of his adorable looks, but I wasn't one of them. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Bonjour, Madamoiselle Novembre!" My French teacher greeted me. (November is spelt with the r in front of the e in French :) "Bonjour, Madame." I quickly responded, making my way to my seat; the middle of the front row. 
French wasn't my best subject. I was good, sure. I kept a B average throughout the term, but it felt like only this class dragged on for hours.
The class was fourty-five minutes long, and right before lunch. So, I do what any other normal school student would do. I eat a snack throughout the period. The teacher doesn't care, I have the second highest grade in the class, first being an 86%. 
The techer began our warm-up, and I sighed, placing my chin ontop of the hand that was being supported by my elbow.
This is going to be a long clas period.
Let's just hope that lunch arrives soon.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Micheal Kingston 
"Mom, I'm going out," I spoke. I looked towards the short lady, her blonde hair in a tight bun, and glasses on the edge of her nose. She was wearing her work clothes; a blouse, pencil skirt, and heels too high to measure. 
She pursed her lips, shaking her head. She looked away from the paper she was focusing on to look at me. "I've told you many times already, I do not want you seeing that girl anymore."
"Why?" I scowled, crossing my arms over my chest.
Her face softened, "Because it's tearing you and your father apart."
My face became blank, "So?"
"Do you remember when," a small smile formed on her face as she spoke, "when you and your father used to go to the baseball fields, and you would take turns pitching, and catching for each other.." 
"That was when he had time for me." I sighed.
"But that's also what got you caught on baseball." She pointed out. "You have played baseball ever since, and you love it. Don't try to say you don't, because I know you do." It was true, he thought. I love baseball, and if it weren't for my dad..I would be in the stands watching, instead of on the fields, pitching. 
I shrugged, "I gotta go."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Third person point of view
"I just," the woman cried, "I want my son back.." The boy had gone out hours ago, not once calling or returning home. He was the perfect child, really. Always making sure that everyone had a smile on their face. Loving to spend time with his family. Going to the park just to throw carrots around for the bunnies that hopped around. Never thinking about girls. Always coming home, excited to tell mommy about a new friend that he made.
It was never assumed that he would turn out like this. 
A hormonal tenenage boy that sleeps around with girls, couldn't care less about his family or the bunnies at the park. He never talks about friends, just brings them over. All he thinks about are girls. Doesn't care if someone's smiling or not. He drives way too fast and dangerously. 
Julienne Kingston was a wreck. Her once tight bun, now fell messily around her face, the blonde hair in knots from her constant tugging at it. Her blouse was only half tucked in to her rided up pencil skirt. Her heels lay across the floor. both on either side of the room. Henry Kingston, her husband, comforted her, his arms wrapped around her protectively. He calmed her down, rubbing her ams. 
"I think I know what we should do." He spoke loudly.
"What?" She sniffled, looking up at him.
He smiled as he looked at her, her mascara running down her face in streams. He kissed her nose, "We're going to find a girl that will do him good, teach him what he needs to be taught. Set him straight." She looked confused. "We're going to find a girl to marry him. And he wont have an option." 
"But why would just any parents give us their daughter to force her to marry our son?" She muttered.
"That's the thing. We'll have money involved. I'm thinking a good half of a million dollars." 
Chapter 1 
Hey guys, this is my first story here so I hope you enjoy it. I would totally appreciate your feed back. Enjoy!
"Naomi..." I heard someone whisper my name but I chose to ignore it. I am seriously not in the mood to get out of bed. "Naomi." They said a bit louder this time. I mentally slapped whoever kept saying my name, hoping that would get them to leave. No Such Luck.
"Naomi Carter!"
I jumped up by the sudden outburst and screamed. The sudden movement caused me to get tangled in my sheets and fall off of my bed.
"Shit, darling are you alright?" I heard my father say.
"I'm fine dad. Thanks for the rude awakening by the way."
"Anytime." My father said with a cheeky smile and then helped me up. "Now go get ready for school. Today is the first day of your senior year!"
"I know dad." I said flatly and then sat on my bed.
"Oh come on...aren't you happy? It's the last year of high school. No more detentions-"
"I have never gotten a detention."
"Yea but I'm speaking for most teenagers here. Anyway, I'd be downstairs when you're ready. Don't take too long." Then my dad was out the door. My father is a thirty three year old man. He looks even younger though. He and my mom had me when they were in high school, so that explains why my dad is so young and have a seventeen year old daughter. Sometimes when we go out some people think we're a couples, and to say that it's embarrassing and awkward is an understatement. I must admit though, my dad is really handsome. He has brown hair and emerald green eyes. I got my looks from my mom but I got my dad's eyes. My mom was a very beautiful woman. She had dirty blonde hair and crystal blue eyes. She's really, really beautiful. Sometimes when I invite my friends over, Jasmine always talk about how hot my dad is and Logan always blabbed about how hot my mom is every time they each walk past us. I sometimes get disgusted by my best friends because come on, let's be real here, they're talking about my parents for Christ sakes. Then the tragic thing happened. My mom died.
        Logan was really devastated...almost as much as me because he really like my mom. Not in the romantic way though. He saw her as a hot mom away from home. One day he said that even though I look exactly like my mom, he's not going to be drooling over me. He said, and I quote 'it would be weird to drool over my best friend."
When he told me this BS, I gave him a flat look, and my exact words were 'Oh so drooling over your best friend's mom isn't weird at all." He just rolled his eyes at my reply and said that it wasn't his fault that my mom was hot.
    Running my hands through my hair with light brown streaks, I sighed. I then got off of my bed and got ready for my first day of senior year. I'm not the type of girl who cares about how everyone thinks of them. I don't cake my face with makeup and wear six inch heels to school. The only thing that I kind of actually care for his my hair...most of the time. As I scanned through my closet, I decided on white skinny jeans, purple spaghetti strap vest with black leather jacket thrown over and my black flats. I grabbed a rubber band and tied my hair into a messy ponytail. Sighing, I grabbed my bag and headed downstairs.
   "You cleaned up pretty well kid." My dad said as he put his cup of what was once coffee into the sink.
"Thanks, and I didn't even try." I stated smugly, but in a kidding way.
"You remind me so much of your mother." My dad said then smiled at me, a proud glint in his eyes. "She never tried and she always looked beautiful. She was so brave and charismatic and stood up for what she believed in...Anyways, let's get you to school."
Oh bakit di ka lumaban I thought maldita ka pakita mo sabi ni avy
Well i wont stoop up to your level sabi ni avah
Stoop down my level eh mas level up ako sayo kasi ako yung ginugusto ng mga boyfriend mo,,cause your ugly sabi ni avy
Aray tigilan mo nga ako at tinulak ni avah si avy
Beep beep
Napalingon si avy na marinig iyon
(Oh no masasagasaan si avy, Well buti ng sakanya..harsh ko ba)
Oh wag judgemental alamin nyo muna ang buong story
Because
#sorrynotsorry
A/N: Hey you! Yes, you. I would like to thank you for giving my Novella a chance. The first chapter might be slightly boring, but it will all work out in the end. Also, please be patient with the book regarding certain topics. Enjoy. :)
_____________
"People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs."
____________
My heels clicked against the concrete path as I walked. The weather was freezing cold outside and it nipped at my flushed cheeks. My long dirty blonde hair whipped quite wildly in the wind, covering my face a good multiple times as I desperately brushed it away, all the while trying to see where I was heading.
It was pitch black outside; the only light that was being reflected onto my petite frame was from one of the few street lights since most of them were blinking at this god forsaken hour.
I shivered as the wind blew by me once again and buttoned up the last two buttons of my coat. There was no one outside and why would they be? It was three o'clock at night. Yet, here I was, walking back from an idiot's wild party that had done nothing but rewarded me with a slight headache, courtesy to the poor quality and volume of the music.
Angelica, my only good friend, was like a sister to me. With her same blonde locks and almost same set of grey eyes, anyone could mistake us for actually being related but in reality we were far from it. She was however just as stubborn as me and it was her constant nagging that had finally convinced me to attend Jake Sandler's birthday party.
I didn't even know the guy and I probably wouldn't even recognize him if I saw him out of College. Even though girls at College labeled him as cute, he looked ordinary to me but no doubt; I was very picky when it came to boys. It was probably because of all the Romance novels crowding my head. The main fictional characters in those books were always so perfect... if only they were real.
Even though my life consisted of a lot of cliché things; like Street Gangs, Drugs, Alcohol, it still didn't consist of the right man or any man for that matter. It was almost as if the word single was my middle name.
I wasn't a part of the family gang, but my brother was and so was my father. My father was the co-leader and my brother would probably be replacing him soon, not that I would know anything since we never really kept in contact. Even if they were dead, I wouldn't know and I liked having it that way.
I turned and began walking towards another dimly lit alley that led to my one-story house. I was more than relieved when I turned eighteen so I wouldn't have to see the likes of my brother or father anymore. This year had been the best year of my life because I had gotten a job and I was attending one of the best colleges in the city. Soon, I wouldn't have to see or ask them for help at all.
Despite the cold weather, my blood began to boil as I thought back to the last conversation that I had with my father, a year ago while my brother had continued to glare down at me. He always did that because he was a heartless asshole that didn't care for anyone's wellbeing except his own. 
Finally I let out a sigh of relief as my house came in view. The house wasn't big, it was small and tiny but as long as it was providing me with shelter and a place I could store food and my stuff in, I was happy with it. Being born in a wealthy family had taught me that a spacious mansion was nothing if it lacked happiness. At least this tiny home that I and Angelica shared was full of warmth, love and freedom.
Suddenly I saw a ray of light peaking from behind the trees that lined the sides of my street. I stopped and kept my eyes on the light as it began to come nearer and nearer. Who could possibly be driving this late? A drunk driver? 
To my dear Dreamers,
To those who have stuck by me since 2011, you'll know that it has been a bumpy ride, and if you asked me back then if I'd believe in the possibility of coming this far, I probably wouldn't believe you. We have achieved a milestone today and one of the main reasons is due to all of your unending support and encouragement during the days when I felt I couldn't continue. Your simple messages and comments have the power to influence an author's writing and progress, and now I would like to genuinely thank each of you for contributing to my personal journey of being an amateur storyteller. Please know that without you guys, I won't be who I am today.
Sweet Epiphany is a story that I would deem as the most personal out of all of my works so far. It is a story that I have spent the most time developing (2 years of tireless self-discovery and a year of putting those into words, to be exact), and I honestly enjoyed creating the characters as they are most certainly based on experiences that I would like to believe we can all relate to at some point. As for the plot, well, let's wait and see ;)
To all my friends who have been there with me from the beginning and you are reading this today, thank you, words are failing me as I cannot express how grateful I am to have such supportive people in my life. If this is your first time reading my work, thank you for clicking, and I hope this story will be a pleasant read for you :D
As we move onto the Prologue, I hope that you will enjoy the story as much as I enjoyed writing it. 
Once again, from the bottom of what is left of my heart, thank you, and have a wattpad day!

With love,
imperfectdreamer.











"Mikhail! Hurry! The stupid sink won't turn off! Mikhail!!" I woke up to my dad yelling.
We ran a flower shop downstairs that was connected to our home. It was a shabby little place but it was cozy. It looked a lot better when mom was still alive to manage everything. She died two years ago from cancer. She would always say that the flowers healed her so she spent most of her time at home. The cancer had progressed too far and mom knew she didn't have long to live. Despite that, she would live every day with a smile on her face. When she died, dad and I promised to keep the shop open in her honor. 
I got up from the bed and walked to the mirror. My maroon eyes reflected back at me and reminded me constantly of my mothers. I got my black hair from my dad. "Coming!" I yelled back down.
I checked the time on my phone and sighed defeatedly. It was six in the afternoon. I had only meant to take a small nap after school. Lately I've been studying past midnight to get ready for my exams. I hardly have time for myself or my friends. Dylan got angry at me yesterday because I came straight home after school. My friends have been trying to get me to hang out these past couple of days. Apparently, my brain will rot and flow out every hole in my body if I don't take a break. 
However, I can't just take a break whenever I want to. I have responsibilities. Aside from my studies, I also have to help out with the shop. If I left everything to my dad he would probably end up killing the flowers and selling our home for booze. Then all of moms hard work would be all for nothing.
I changed quickly into some clothes and tied a green gardening apron around my waist. I took my phone downstairs with me as I pushed my hair around instead of actually making an effort to style it. I jogged down the stairs two at a time until I reached my dad. He was next to the sink trying to get the water to turn off. The handle had been broken for weeks now but we don't have the kind of money to get it fixed. He was wiggling around the handle as if that would magically get it to turn off. 
"You're going to make it worse." I sighed and pushed him aside slightly.
He stepped out of my way and smiled at me, "What would I do without you, Mikhail?" 
"You would probably drink away your life leaving mom frowning at you from the heavens." I said and opened the bottom cabinets and crouched down to look at the pipes. 
"You're so mean to your dad, Miki." He said calling me the pet name he always used when I was younger. I rolled my eyes. I could already picture my dad sulking with his arms thrown over his chest as I focused on the task at hand. I found a small red dial at the pipes and spun it around a couple times. The water stopped and my dad screamed in satisfaction. "Aha! I knew you could do it!"
"We need to call someone to fix it soon." I said standing up and closing the cabinet doors.
"If we had the money." My dad said clapping me on my shoulder as he grabbed the bucket and headed to water some flowers. 
"You mean if you would stop wasting all our money on booze then maybe we could get the entire store fixed."
"Miki, you promised you wouldn't yell at me today." He said with a smile on his face. "Your birthday is in two weeks. Where do you want to go? I'll take you out to eat or-"
"Don't you dare waste a single cent on me or your stupid alcohol addiction. We have bigger things to worry about. Like paying bills and keeping the store in running condition. This place is falling apart!" I said attempting to keep my voice down. The reason I told my dad I wouldn't yell at him this week is because I have exams and I'm already stressed out. I thought I would be too tired to yell at him but sometimes he tends to get under my skin. 
"It's your birthday-"
"It's just another day on the calendar. Don't make a big deal out of it." I insisted. I walked behind the cash register to check if we had any money left inside.
Thankfully, there was still a twenty dollar bill and a few singles inside. I grabbed the twenty and looked towards my dad. "Mikhail, don't be like that. Your father works hard, you know?" He said speaking in third person. 
"Yes, yes." I said not really paying attention to him. Work hard? If losing our money on gambling, drinking, and sex is working hard then I must be doing it all wrong. Even when he gets a loan from sharks he ends up waisting every single cent. "Go, buy detergent. I'm doing laundry tonight and we ran out yesterday." I said.
He held out his hand but before giving him the money I said, "Only detergent. I expect to see the receipt when you get back with the exact change. Got it?"
"Okay, okay, Mikhail. I understand. You do remember that I'm the adult, don't you?"
"I wasn't made aware, no." I raised my eyebrow at him and shook my head, "If so, please start acting like my father and not my son."
"Right. Okay. I'll be back in a few." 
Reluctantly, I gave him the money and watched as he walked outside and lit his cigarette. I was absolutely against him smoking. Especially because the smoke could kill all the flowers but my dad insisted that he needs a smoke everyday. I've managed to get my dad to cut down to only one smoke a day compared to the whole pack he would go through in a single sitting.
I shook my head as I looked out the windows. We lived in a poor neighborhood. Most of the houses nearby looked just as bad as our shop looked. The house upstairs was in a slightly better shape. I often had to wipe the windows of graffiti from the neighborhood kids. 
It wasn't unusual for the houses or people on the street to get robbed. Most of my friends came over in large groups so they wouldn't get robbed and eventually stopped coming. I was fine with it. I didn't care who saw my living arrangements. It wouldn't change how I was still smarter than most of the people at school. I knew where my priorities laid and didn't waste time on 'popularity'. I definitely wasn't ashamed either. 
I started cleaning up what I could and got ready to close up the shop. It was already golden hour outside as the sun was setting. I wiped down the tables and cleaned up the water my dad sprayed on the floor with the mop. 
I stretched my arms over my head and then I leaned my upper body on the counter. I propped my elbow on the counter and held my head up with an open hand. 
I needed to go upstairs soon so I could finish the report that was due the next day. My dad still wasn't back so I checked the time on my phone. Thirty minutes had passed and he still wasn't back. I closed my eyes for a few seconds and I heard the door bells chime, "Jeez, does it really take that much time to go out for detergent, dad?" I opened my eyes thinking it was my dad coming in. 
"Not your dad, but try again." An unfamiliar voice said.
I saw a guy dressed in a suit. He had gloves on and was smoking. He had his hair gelled back and was standing there with a lopsided smile on his face. The first thought that ran through my mind was that he was definitely a loan shark coming to collect. He had one women standing next to him. She was in all black but looked like she could really mess someone up if she had to. 
The second thought that ran through my head was I wonder how much time this will take up. I still have to study.
Mom drove her black Honda Civic down the street, a map in her hands. "Mom, we could always use the GPS." I said, we had been in the car for hours, longer than I wanted to be. Mom said she wanted to do this the 'old fashioned' way. "Quinn, we're almost there!" She grinned, turning a corner. As we got closer, I examined the yellow house.
There was a stone path, leading to the front door. A few bushes that looked like they could use a trim. Other than that, the house suited us. "Do you like it?" I couldn't help the big smile that appeared on my face. "I love it." I sighed in happiness. "You think we can make it our own?" Mom asked and we both got out of the car. 
"Definitely." We both walked towards the front door. Mom pulled the keys from her pocket, opening the front door. It opened gracefully, sucking in the autumn air. I felt a calm breeze against my skin, I hurried inside.
Furniture was placed in the house already, a few boxes scattered around. "While you were at Lilli's, I unpacked a little." She chuckled to herself, looking in the living room. "We have a guest bedroom, in case any or your friends say the night." There was hesitation in her words.
"Mom, you don't have to worry about me." I smiled, she grabbed my hand. "I just want us to have a new start." I smiled, "and we will." I went up the stairs and looked through each room. The room that you would see first on the left was my room. It was fairly big, a computer desk in the right hand corner with my bed opposite of that and my closet in front of my bed.
"Quinn, what do you want for dinner?" My mom stuck her head on the doorway. "Hibachi?" Mom grinned, as if she was thinking it. "I was thinking the same thing." 
After dinner, Mom and I unpacked a little, preparing for tomorrow. Oh the joys of being a senior!
Welp, this is shorter from the original. Better things coming 💛✨
Hello, guys!
(Please read everything thoroughly)
The book has been divided into TWO PARTS, and they're now published under SUMMIT POP FICTION (a publishing company in the Philippines). Each costs 195.00 PHP and is available in all leading bookstores nationwide.
The book version contains a few more scenes/lines, full-colored illustrations of Tristan and Kylie, and a bookmark. (On the side is the book cover teaser of Part I and Part II! )
You can purchase the ebook version by downloading the Buqo App on your iPad, iPhones, iThings, Android (only supports 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich and higher), etc. Or you can visit Buqo's website (www.buqo.ph).
For more info, kindly visit the Pop Fiction's FB page (click the external link). If you have questions, don't hesitate to put them down in the comment section; I'll make sure to answer them. :)
I know you guys have been hearing this a lot, but THANK YOU, THANK YOU SO MUCH for supporting this book. You guys made one of my dreams come true! I<3u all.
PS: Don't give up on your dreams, too. :)
UPDATE: You can now purchase the Kindle edition of the book from Amazon. Link is on my profile. 

Hello Wattpadders,
A little note about this story: I wrote it for National Novel Writing Month a few years ago and finally decided to upload it to Wattpad. 
The point of NaNoWriMo is to write 50,000 throughout the month of November and it also strongly encourages that you don't edit your story while writing it. Soooooo there may be a few plot holes and missing details here and there because I haven't edited yet, but I plan to. 
With that being said, I hope you enjoy and don't judge me too harshly on this.
With that being said, happy reading!

Cheers,
Elizabeth

Hey, so this is my new story!
Before we go into the story:1) Yes, I know, it's an odd tittle but read the story it will make sense.
2) This story is completely original. Everything about it I have planned and thought up. Anything from this story that is similar to any other content is PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
I would like to thank Infinite_Writer01 for making this beautiful cover for me!
Go check her work out, you won't regret it!
Without further ado, I hope you enjoy this story!
Love Y'all :)<3!
I'm Ebony Hayes and 17 years old and 5'1. I live with my mom who has always made me feel ugly inside and my 12 year old brother Drew. I love him like my own son. I always had a low self esteem. Unlike most girls my age I never had a boyfriend, I understand why because I'm fat. I'm still a virgin and never had my first kiss. People usual said my face was pretty but my body isn't .
The only boy I know that tells me that I was beautiful was Drew. Most of the time I used to try to kill myself but I remember about Drew and how he would be miserable without me here.
I used to have a best friend Monica, she was like a sister since 1 st grade when kids used to make fun of me. She was the only friend I had until we got into our sophomore year when I found out she was dared since first grade to be my friend. I was heartbroken when she finally told me the truth.
This is finally my senior year, I leave this school of bullying and struggle. My school was just like any other ghetto school. It
was full of thots, pregnant females, and etc. let's not also forget the thugs. I had my eyes set out on this one thug Wayne. He was a fine creation . He was 18 and 6'4 brown skin with a very muscular body and tattoos. I had a crush on him since second grade but he wouldn't want some one as big as me. Plus sides Monica was all over him since we stop talking.
I know most of you are wondering where my parents are. My dad was in my life until I turned 8 and he got into a argument with my mom. My mom wasn't like most loving moms she never took care of Drew and I. She always had different men around. Thank God Drew and I have the same father. After my dad got into the argument with my mom a few months later she found out she was pregnant with Drew.
I wasn't gonna lie my mom is beautiful but her life choices aren't. She never takes care of us so I had to get a job at footlocker so I can always buy us clothes and important things we need.
Author's Note
Hey guys, I hope you all enjoy this book and don't forget to vote and read my other books.
MAJOR NOTE
If you are looking for a perfect book, with no grammar issues, no phrasing issues, and sometimes getting a characters name off. 
Then I recommend you stop reading now.
I am not a perfect writer, not by any means. There are going to be mistakes, and if you can't take that, maybe you shouldn't be reading on Wattpad. Because this a place to LEARN and not to BE PERFECT. If you're a perfect writer, send me a link to your published book and I'd be happy to read it.  
I have heard the whole "If you can't take it, then don't put your books in public."  crap. 
There is a difference between CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM ans just CRITICISM. 
There are so many writers on here that don't know the difference, and if you're one of them, please refrain from reading this or any other book on her that isn't actually physically published. Because everybody makes mistakes, even Dan Brown and Stephen King and Stephine Meyer.
For those of you that are the great people that don't put people's work down, continue on! I'd love to hear your opinion. You guys are great. 
Thanks for your consideration
ChasingMadness24 (Kyra)




This will be written after Fragile Figures. I really hope you guys will enjoy it!
Copyright
The moral right of the author has been asserted. All rights reserved. This story is published subject to the condition that is shall not be reproduced or re transmitted in whole or in part, in any manner, without the written consent of the copyright holder, and any infringement of this is a violation of copyright law.
A single copy of the materials available in this story may be made, solely for personal, noncommercial use. Individuals must preserve any copyright or other notices contained in or associated with them. Users may not distribute said copies to others, whether or not in electronic form or hard copy, without prior written consent of the copyright holder of the materials.




I am like super in love with the cover! 

Anyway I hope you enjoy!
~ChasingMadness24
description: 
"You know what, I used to think there was nothing worse than watching the person you love fall in love with someone else. I was wrong because honestly, the worst thing is watching them fall in love with your brother without a single thought about you." 
or the one where Nathan is in love with his brother's fiancee
-------------
warnings: boyxboy, mpreg, possible smut, pretty angsty tbh, there's some mad love triangle shit going on in this story, like you're going to love Nathan one chapter and hate him the next, same goes for Ethan, Easton will probs make you want to tear out your hair, idk what the fuck i'm doing tbh.
-------------
 Characters (mainly for me so I can keep track of everyone and so that everyone knows who's who as they come up haha):
Nathan (played by Jack Harries)  
Age: 21
Birthday: March 17th
Parents: Zayn and Louis Malik
Siblings: Ethan, Quinn, and Mason
Ethan (played by Finn Harries)  
Age: 21
Birthday: March 17th
Parents: Zayn and Louis Malik
Siblings: Nathan, Quinn and Mason
Quinn (played by Emilia Clarke)  
Age: 19
Birthday: December 30th
Parents: Zayn and Louis Malik
Siblings: Nathan, Ethan, and Mason
Mason (played by Connor Paolo)  
Age: 18
Birthday: December 13th
Parents: Zayn and Louis Malik
Siblings: Nathan, Ethan and Quinn
Easton (played by Shawn Mendes)  
Age: 20
Birthday: November 5th
Parents: Liam Payne and Niall Horan, Harry Styles (step-father)
Siblings: Maxwell (half-brother)
Maxwell (played by Reeve Powers)  
Age: 18
Birthday: January 1st
Parents: Harry Styles and Niall Horan
Siblings: Easton (half-brother)
---------------------------------------------------------
and here it is.... the long awaited for (really not that long of a wait) Nathan and Ethan spinoff. 
hopefully this works out the way I want it to...
Connie xx 
Cover design by Mikaelanay Book design by Mikaelanay 
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, images, videos, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. 
WARNING: there will be swearing and mildly mature content so if it's not palatable to your mind then you can skip it...mostly there's no skipping on Wattpad, though ;)
--------
--------CASTING- MASON_(JON KORTAJARENA)LEAH-(TAYLOR MARIE HILL )------------
I assure you, you will enjoy it. Do give it a chance.
Hi ako nga pala si 
Kate Lastimosa 19 years old,half Korean half Filipino,panget,careless, palaban, matapang at di naman ako masyadong matalino kaya nasa section 3 ako,at ulila na ako sa mga magulang ko patay na sila dahil sa car accident wala din akong mga kapatid pero nakatira ako sa tita ko pero hindi bilang isang pamangkin ang turing nya sakin kundi isang katulong at ang dalawa nyang malditang anak na sina 
Janice Reyes
 at Jane Reyes ang sarap paguntugin kala mo naman ubod ng kagandahan sa tutusin nga mas maganda pa ako eh hindi lang ako maalaga sa katawan ko burara ako kasi walang matinong taong  nagpalaki sakin dahil 3 years old pa lang ako wala na mga magulang ko pero sabi nila mayaman daw kami pero may business kami na number 1. Sa Pilipinas hindi ko nakuha ung mga yaman ng magulang ko kundi sa maldita kong tita at mga anak nyang malalandi dahil nung time na yon masyado pa daw ako bata para maghandle ng pera pero ngayon na matanda na ako sinasabi ko sa tita ko na ako nahahawak sa pera nila mama pero ayaw nya ibigay kung pwede kang talaga ako magsumbong sa pulis gagawin ko na pero natatakot ako dali baka mamaya palayasin pa ako ng tita ko sa bahay nila at ayoko mangyari yon kaya nagtitiis na lang ako.At hindi ko inaasahan na maiinlove ako sa isang Campus King na si Jungri Rivera at ang mga kasama nya sa grupo nilang Wildex na pinagtitilian ng mga babae sa school na kala mo naman mga artista na ewan at 5 lima silang magkakabarkada si 
Jungri Rivera ang leader sa kanilang lahat,mayaman,gwapo,bully,lasingero,babaero ,player at gustong gusto nya na may napapahiya na isang estudyante sa school hindi makukumpleto ang araw nila kapag wala silangg napapahiya sa kada araw mapa babae man o lalaki, 
David Lee kanang kamay ni Jungri,ex ko 3 years ago nung hindi pa nabubuo ung grupo nila at walang nakaka alam sa relasyon namin non kahit ung kaibigan ko hindi namin sinabi kahit sa mga magulang ni David hindi nya sinabi ewan ko lang ngayon kung sinabi na nya sa mga katropa ung about samin siguro nasabi na nya un eh wala naman nang paki alam sakin yun eh pero i admit na may nararamdaman parin ako kay David ewan ko lang sakanya pero kinakalimutan ko na sya baka saktan nya lang ulit ako katulad ng pinagpalit nya ako kay Cindy na mayaman naman  mas maganda pero hindi nya ako pinapakitaan ng magandang ugali  kung tutuusin ung mga panahon na kami pa ni David maalaga ako sa sarili ko at palagi akong concerned sa katawan ko hindi ako burara sa gamit pero nung simula nang hiwalayan ako ni David hindi ko na alam ang gagawin ko kaya hindi ko na inalagaan ung sarili ko kahit pangit ako wala na akong paki alam wala na nga akong balak na magboyfriend ulid baka mapraning nanaman ako at magkulong ako sa kwarto ko at hindi kumakain ng ilang araw dahil sa sakit na naramdaman ko noon sa tutuusin sariwa parin ung sugat na iniwan ni David sa puso ko, 
Jayson Primera adik sa cellphone,babaero,mabisyo,pilyo,mahilig magyosi, 
Kevin Cruz friendly pero nakakatakot para syang dragon kung magalit kaya walang ng bubully sakanya si Jungri lang ang hindi natatakot sakanya, 
Cyan Cruz kapatid ni Kevin matalino,palaging gutom,immature magisip pero seryoso sa pagmamahal.......
_________________________________
A/n: hi gais eto ung una kong story nagagwin na hindi kpop para maenjoy nyo sorry kung minsan nawrowrong typo ako sorry po kung medyo korny ubg story kase first time ko gumawa na hindi related sa kpop iyon lang love yah plsvote and comment:)
(AN) Hiya!>< 
There is a sequel to this story! It's called Love Like The Storm and it's a one shot! I'm not going to give anything away in case new readers are reading this, but yeah(: And after Love Like The Storm, there's going to be ANOTHER sequel to that c: but that's a kind of different story :3 it's still got kat&hunter but..read the 1st 2 stories and you'll understand c:
The 3rd in the series hasn't been uploaded yet, but it will be called Cut Me Apart. So check my profile occasionally to see if it's up c:
When I started this story, I got 3 votes and 1 comment. Now I've got over 500 votes. I cannot believe it :| So to all of you new writers, it doesn't matter if you start off small!
Just 'hold on!'
And if you guys have read Love Like The Storm, you'll know what I mean by saying 'Hold On.'
(: <3
(Chapter 1)
"Turn it off, Kat." Hunter muttered from where he sat next to me in the car. I clutched my ipod tightly, and then scooted further away from him.
"No. Music lightens the journey." I shrugged, and then turned the P!nk song up a lot louder. Hunter reached over, grabbed my purple ipod from my hands, and held it close to the open window.
My eyes widened as he simply dropped the device and it cracked off the road. In 3 seconds, we were miles away from it.
"Mom! Hunter just threw my ipod out the window!"
Mom turned back to us from the passenger seat with wide eyes. She pointed a stern finger at Hunter and glared at his bored expression.
"What did you do that for?!"
Hunter shrugged. "She was annoying me."
"When we get to Cyprus you are finding a job, and you're going to work obsessivley until you can pay for another one." Chris, my Step Dad growled at his adoptive son.
Hunter just shrugged again, and slumped back in his seat. It was like he didn't even care...but then again, he didn't.
Hunter was a 16 year old delinquent. When he was 13 years old, his abusive and alcaholic Dad fell into an urge of suicide and then attempted to kill his Mom. Hunter's Mom died with a gun shot to the head right in front of Hunter's eyes. Then, his Dad brought the gun to Hunter but just as he was about to shoot, Police arrived through the door. His Dad moved then gun away from Hunter, and shot himself in the head.
Hunter, as of witnessing the psycotic actions of his Father, fell into a state of depression. I mean, he was beaten and raped for 13 years. Over the years, he eventually became a "delinquent."
Only a few months after the death of his parents, Hunter was adopted by my step dad, Chris. And only a year after that when Hunter was 14, Chris married my Mom. Now, Hunter was my kind of adoptive brother.
Looking at Hunter, you wouldn't think of him as a jerk. He was actually, really good looking. His black hair hung down messily in bangs which covered his icy green eyes. He had a very pale complexion, was averagely tall at 5 foot 8, and had perfect arm muscles. On his bottom lip, he had a lip ring which he always fiddled around with; and his clothes normally caused him to be labelled "emo" or "scene."
I didn't hate Hunter. I just strongly disliked him...there's a difference. Sometimes he just insulted me for no apparent reason, and would always shove me when walking past. We got into arguments...a lot. It normally consisted of pushing, shoving, kicking, screaming, crying...well, the crying was from me. Some of the things that Hunter said were just too hard to deal with.
           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)
Watch the trailer that I made! Don't know if I should be proud or nah but oh well.
Introduction
People will doubt you and judge you because of the simplest things.
It's one of those moments when you're just minding your own damn business and people think that it's so entertaining to just talk behind you back, because you know, they have nothing else to do with their own sad and pathetic life.
But in this case, they don't even try to hide it.
I'm that girl who walks along the hallways with the terribly short skirt and those horrendous high heels that make people question why I wear them.
Why? Because I can.
It's more of a rebellion and a nice way to feed those stereotyping idiots. I'm the head cheerleader with the blonde hair and blue eyes, in context, I should be the one who bitches about everything and anything under the sun.
"There she goes again," I heard one girl mutter as I walked past by her and her friend, "She's the reason why my boyfriend broke up with me, she pulled him into bed with her."
Oh boo hoo, that same old story just goes around again and again. Mix it up a little.
I wanted to grab that girl's shoulders and tell it to her straight that it was her boyfriend that tried to hit on me, he was the one who tried to make out, and I, being extremely disgusted with him, waited for him to strip down to his underwear before I left him, waiting for somebody to start the humiliation train for him.
But in the end, he turned the word around made him look like the victim.
I neared the small group of girls wearing the same cheer uniform as me, they were all in a circle and as I got closer, I've realized they were talking about me... again.
"Clara can't even do the flip properly yesterday during practice," Vivian, my so-called best friend and co-captain, told the other members of our team, "I could do that in my sleep."
I raised a brow, before shaking my head. Of course, you could tumble around while snoring like a loud chainsaw as drool came out of your mouth.
Finally thinking that they had their fair share of fun with insulting me behind my back, I approached them and made my presence known, "Hey girls."
Like a switch was flipped between them, they all perked up and gave me all those sugary sweet greetings and smiles.
These people are full of fake crap.
"Gray Martyn coming this way," Vivian muttered, turning her attention to the approaching hallway.
The girls visibly swooned at the sight of the bad boy. Smirking at him, I flipped my hair over my shoulder and played the flirty mode on.
If there was one guy that I would like to have, it was Gray Martyn.
He was absolute perfection, from those chocolate brown eyes to that amazingly soft brunette hair.
He was like a trophy that would be amazing on my shelf, and I know he feels the same way about me. In his mind, I was the easy lay and for me, he was the guy under my belt that made any girl jealous of me.
I mean, if I'm dubbed with this reputation, might as well live it.
Stepping in front of him, he stopped just a few inches away. When he realized that it was me, he smirked down, he was also a natural flirt.
"Clara," he nodded in acknowledgement and I did the same.
"Gray," I greeted, "It's quite rare to see you on time."
"Well, I couldn't wait to see you this morning," he teased. If only I wasn't used to his lines, I would have melted in a puddle - but unfortunately, I've become accustomed to his tactics.
"That's very thoughtful of you," I grinned, "Now how about you walk me to class?"
I heard Vivian snort behind me and I resisted the urge to turn around and slap her. I knew that she also has a crush on Gray, and she resents me for easily getting him. Technically, the school considers us a couple, but we both knew that we were far from it.
We hook up, we flirt, we acknowledge each other, but that was it - there were no titles.
Before he could respond, somebody bumped into him. A girl.
I scanned her from head to toe, assessing her features. When she looked up towards Gray, she opened her mouth and out came her weak voice, "I'm sorry."
I turned back to the other girls and from one look, I knew that they wanted to make her their new target. She was average, shy, and meek. The perfect person to bully for them.
Gray didn't respond, but I knew that he was already memorizing her face in his memory.
"Erin," somebody called out, making the girl turn to whichever the direction of the voice came from, "Come on."
Muttering another apology, she tried to walk around our group, but Vivian easily blocked her path, looking down on her. She squeaked at the sudden barrier that the team made and she looked around frantically to find an escape.
"How about you tell them that it's enough?" Gray whispered into my ear and with a lopsided smile, I shook my head.
"I find this a lot better," I commented, crossing my arms over my chest.
Another figure pushed himself through our small circle and grabbed her arm, "I said let's go."
"Don't ruin the fun," I told the newest addition, "We're not really doing anything to her."
"She's scared shitless!" he almost yelled at me.
My brows instantly shot up, I was actually surprised that he had the guts to raise his voice on me while in the middle of this group.
"Calm down," Gray chuckled, wrapping an arm around my shoulder and pulling me back, "No need to become a drama queen."
Boy, he was mad and I knew Gray loved the fact that he was easily provoked.
"What did you call me?" he gritted.
"That's enough," I said, "Now how about you and girly over here go along your merry little way."
From the look he was giving us, I knew that he wanted to say a lot more, but the girl tugged on his sleeve, silently telling him to just walk away. With one last look at us, he started to trudge away. Girly opened her mouth to say something, but because Vivian was openly intimidating her, she shut her lips tight and hurried along the hallways, speeding to catch up with her companion.
We stared at her retreating figure and I heard somebody behind me snicker, "Who were they?"
Shaking my head, I turned to Gray, clinging into his arm, "How about we go to class now?"
If my perfect knowledge of cliché love stories, I knew that I have to keep a leash on this guy. I have my pride, and if anything, I wouldn't let just any ordinary chick steal this trophy away from me.
Because darling, this blonde cheerleader will not be any simple antagonist who just makes the story entertaining. Though, I might say that causing a little bit of pain will amuse me greatly.
--------------
What's your opinion so far?
I'm finally writing this! This concept had been in my list for a long time so I'm relieved to finally write it.
I actually accidentally published this a few days ago, and some of you guys saw it in its incomplete state. You know I love bordering the line of staying with the cliché and breaking them, but a forewarning that our main character is indeed a girl with a personality.
Like always, introductions are meant to be short, but we'll have longer chapters as we go continue on with this story.
I hope we can all go through a wonderful journey with this, I'll be here putting it to words while you guys throw me your feedback and ideas.
I love you guys, and I hope you're ready for this book of ours.
Hello people! Thankyou for continuing with me in this journey ahead.
This story is a sequel to 'When the bad boy noticed me'. You need to read that story so as to enjoy this one. 
The story continues and takes a leap. Violet and Sam are now in junior year and have become best friends. 
Amidst a complete roller coaster ride involving friendships and undiscovered emotions with a pinch of mystery, everything is gonna take a complete turn.
I hope you enjoy this book just like the previous one. 
Now before you scroll down and completely ignore me, let me tell you that my friend @sagethespy has tried her hand in writing and she has commendable work to offer. Please be kind enough to go through it.
Anyway, back to Sam and V eh?
Happy reading:) 
~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~ 
Violet's POV-
"Will you please leave me the hell alone?" I grit my teeth. 
"What did I do now?" Sam asks, feigning innocence. 
"Yeah right! Go ahead and tell me that it wasn't you who has been pulling my hair strands and poking me in the sides every two seconds while I am working on my assignment!" I puff in annoyance. 
"You're no fun! " He pouts playfully. 
"Apparently, we two have very different definitions of fun." I say as a matter of fact.
"Wanna try my definition of fun?" He whispers huskily while scooting closer. 
"Get away from me, you wuss!" I make a disgusted face. 
"That hurt right here!" He points towards his heart. 
"Will you let me do my work without any disturbance?" I ask him calmly, trying to swallow my anger. 
"Next to impossible." He smirks. 
I make a very irritated sound and walk out of the room with my laptop. His chuckle follows me as I descend the stairs. I ignore it and make myself comfortable on the living room couch. 
"You seriously thought this trick would distance you from me?" He whispers in my ear causing a shiver to run down my spine. 
I turn to look at him to find him already staring at me. I faintly smile and that twitches his lips a little. 
"Forget this trick, nothing can come in my way to you." He genuinely says.
"You can manage to be sweet sometimes, y'know that?" I chuckle slightly. 
"Yeah.Where's your phone?" He suddenly asks.
"Maybe plugged in charging somewhere. Why ?" I furrow my brows.
"Jasmine had texted me asking about you because your phone's apparently switched off. The whole group is meeting at her place." He says.
"Ohh! I gotta check my cell. Will you please clear up this mess?" I ask him sweetly. 
His snorts at my question.
"It's your mess so you better clean it up yourself. I will be waiting outside. You got ten minutes." He says, walking out. 
Bossy, asshole, narcissistic, idiot, stupid, je-- 
"V?" My mom calls out. 

"Mandy it's starting to get really bad out here they said there is a really bad snow storm warning" Kelly said. As she is racing down the hallway. With her blonde hair flying behind her.
That's my friend Kelly. We've been friends since 1st grade. We are practically sisters when im not at her house she's at mine. 
"I'm coming I have to go back down to the locker room and get my softball stuff, your mom has room in her car for it right?"I asked.
Her mom was supposed to be picking us up. "Well actually my sister is picking us up and she said she's not waiting so run as fast as you can ok, because you know Tami, she'll leave us." Kelly said half seriously
 I raced down the stairs as soon as she was done finishing talking. School was over early today because of the huge snow storm warning. If school kept going on we could've been stuck in here for at least 4-5 days. Give or take. 
I finally reach the girl's locker room I open the door it's completely empty. I rush over to my locker and grab my softball stuff. I run back looking at myself in the mirror my brown hair looking very messy from how fast I just ran. I got back up the stairs and into the lobby of our school, Jenkins High School. It was empty completely deserted. 
I check my phone 2 new messages Kelly-im so srry girl my sister came and I had to go. I over heard the principal saying they closed the doors I hope you're out. Henry- help asap in the guys locker room hurry!!!! Ok that was crazy. First I ran to the door and you guessed it it's locked, now what? 
I remember Henry's text. Henry is another one of my friends he's on the baseball team he's like a big brother to me and I love him with all my heart like a sister, of course. But I go as fast as possible to the, yes guy's locker room. I race down the stairs and go to the left this time. There's the door. I open it and I hear cheers from 4 different boys all on the baseball team. 
Their's Derek he has black hair and bright blue eyes he's friends with Henry and he's been going this school since 5ht grade. He was always kind of quiet but had a lot of friends so I'm guessing he was nice. 
Then ugh out of all the people Isaac the most annoyingest kid ever. Yes I said annoyingest I know it's not a word but if you looked it up in the dictionary you would find his picture there. Brown eyes and sandy brown hair would be your definition. He's a complete dick sometimes and then he's super sweet the next. 
And last but not least Carter. He is a catcher on the team, same as me. He has sandy brown hair and gorgeous green eyes. He's really nice and we have English together and we were always in the same group he was so nice and funny. 
We always made fun of each other. "Hey...guys, what are you guys still doing here?" I said. 
"We could be asking you the same question," Derek said playfully. 
He pushed his black hair back and walked out of the locker room. "It's nice to see you too, do I not get a hello, Mandy?" Henry joked. 
As they all walked out "Awe, did I make you sad, ha-ha." I walked over and hugged him he hugged me back. 
"Whoa get a room you too." said the one and only Isaac of course. 
I blushed and stepped back. "Were best friends calm yourself, oh by the way, we're all stuck in here, the doors are locked because of the snow storm. I'm going to call 911 to see what they can do." I say and that makes him shut his mouth for sure. "9-1-1 what is your emergency?" 
"We are trapped in, Jenkins High School, because of the snow storm can you send someone to get us out of here, the janitors already locked up." 
"Dear, the snow storm is coming soon in about an hour give or take, you need to get anything to keep you warm and any food you can find and go to the lowest point of your school and walk around in groups for safety." "
"Wait are they coming to get us?" I said get really panicky. 
"No there is an evacuation right now they are helping the whole town out there is no one left to come down to your school. Oh, and do this right away, go fill up water bottles, because the pipes may get frozen, hurry I have to go now but here's the hotline text anytime, I will answer ok" she said she sounded hopeful. 
I programed the hotline number in my phone. I was so nervous how could this happen. Why couldn't I run fast enough, now I'm stuck in my school. No one wants to be in school. With 4 different boys. 
The pervert, the best friend, the new guy, oh and my crush. 
*********************************************************************************************************************
EDITED 6/2/13
hey hope you liked the 1st chapter!!
comment/fan 
-ME:)
© 2012, Inu_mikeSelf publishing
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher. 
thanks for reading......No lies Just love is part two of this story so read and enjoy this is an LGBT also it is in the process of being edited I know it has mistakes, I don't really have the time to fix it because I honestly have better things to do than to go through over five hundred pages to check, so it will take a while......
Editing  some chapters are no longer available.... 
VOTE or COMMENT, LIKE
I HAVE A GOAL I WANT TO REACH SO HELP ME OUT.
Even if you are new to the story I would still appreciate your votes or comments on all of the chapters...
Proud Watty Winner =)
 
Chapter 1.
 Chapter 1
Another day in school, just what I need.
I ran away from the teacher who was yelling at me for not having the “proper” uniform on. I don’t see how it isn’t - the guys get to wear it so why can’t I? I looked down at my navy blue school pants, white button-up oxford shirt, navy blue sweater vest and my blue tie. It’s better than wearing those ugly short plaid skirts. I shrug my shoulders and keep running until I reach my class.
“Ash, honey, how are you?” Cynthia grabbed my arm from out of nowhere. This isn’t even her class.  
“Fine, Cynthia,” I sighed, I tried to shake her off, but she wasn’t moving, so instead I made my way to the back where my friends were seated.
“Hey Ash, why the long face?” my best friend Alicia, aka Aly asked, grinning while the others snickered, I glared at them
“Why don’t you tell me?” I sat down on the chair across from her, only to have Cynthia sit on my lap.
“Anyway, are you trying out this year for the basketball team?” Sean asked. He’s another good friend of mine who was dating Ali. Personally, I think they make a cute couple - Ali is about 5’4 with brown shoulder length hair, she has big brown eyes, plump lips and a heart shaped face that complimented her features while Sean has dirty blond hair that is spiked and light green eyes.
“Yea, I have to stay in shape and college recruiters come this year,” I replied, trying to pry Cynthia’s hand out my hair.
“Cynthia, please stop messing with my hair and get off of me,” I spoke calmly she only pouted in return.
“But, I thought you liked me,” she whined, I looked at her as if she had three heads. Like her I could barely stand her. I only put up with her because I am a nice person.
“Help me!” I turned to Alex who was laughing at my distress. 
“Don’t you have to get to class?” I asked her, trying to avoid this conversation that I’ve had with her over and over again. She pouted at me again then left after nodding and kissing my cheek.
My Tag Boyfriend Season 2
Plot
            Nagsimula ang kwento nila sa isang maling tag na status sa Facebook.
          At magmula nang makilala ni Sitti ang ultimate heartthrob sa Eastton University na si Kaizer Buenavista, gumulo na ang tahimik niyang Facebook life.
          Ang dating anti-social, walang tiwala sa sarili at babaeng laging nabubully ay siya na ngayong girlfriend ng pinaka sikat, pinaka gwapo at pinaka masungit—I mean, pinaka cool na lalaki sa eskwelahan nila.
          Pero sa pagpasok ng bagong semester, ito na rin ang magiging huling taon ng mga naging kaibigan ni Sitti sa Eastton. Ang huling pinaka magulo at pinaka masayang taon ng buhay niya sa College.
          Pero mukhang ito na din ang magiging pinaka mahirap na taon para sa buhay ng ating bida dahil nagbalik na ang babaeng unang nagpatibok ng puso ni Kaizer Buenavista.
          Si Mia Valdez. Ang dating Queen Bee ng Eastton at most loved girl at pinaka sikat na babae sa buong university.
          Magawa kayang ipaglaban ni Sitti ang relasyon na meron sila ni Kaizer?
          Magawa kaya niyang matalo ang isang babaeng sobrang kabaliktaran niya?
          Sa pagdating ng bagong taon sa buhay nila, may mga bagong karakter ang lalabas at magpapakita.
          Ito na rin ba ang taon na makikilala ni Sitti ang misteryosong operator ng fictional character na si Kaizer?
          At ano kayang mangyayari kapag may bumalik din na isang dating kakilala sa buhay ni Sitti?
          Manatili pa kaya 'yung pagmamahal ni Kaizer at Sitti sa isa't-isa...
          Kapag bumalik na 'yung mga taong unang humawak sa mga puso nila?
Our Tag Relationship (My Tag Boyfriend Book 2)
All Rights Reserved 6/14/14 l Re-started 10/23/2014
Copyright © MaevelAnne
     I step off of the plane and head out to find my luggage. When I arrive at baggage claim my younger brother is waiting for me. "Kamri , why is Ryan here?" Michael asks. "Wow no hi, hello, or hey Kamri I have not seen you in six months. I miss you so much." I say trying to look hurt. "But, if you must know Ryan is my boyfriend has been for three years. Also we went on the vacation together." Why would he ask such a stupid question he knows Ryan and I have an arranged marriage. I look at my brother suspiciously. 'Is there something he is not telling me?' I ask myself. 'Probably not we never keep secrets from each other. RIGHT.'      "Papi we are home." I yell. As we walk the through the foyer I hear muffled voices. As I walk on I see a sexy greek god with three hot guys behind him then my father sitting across. "Kamri so glad you are home." My father says. He gets up and walks towards me. "Come sit down." 'What is up with this guy. He is surely not how I left him.' I hear muffled speaking from the other side of the wall then Ryan walks in. He identifies the four guys sitting across from my dad and I then walks over gives me a kiss and sits next to me. My dad seems to tense up I wonder why 'Ryan and him get along so Well.' I look across the room to see the sexy greek god angry and his friends look worried. Why is everyone acting so strange. "Kamri we need to talk about your arranged marriage."After sitting in shock from him discussing it infront of strangers I recover "Ryan and I decided to have it on the beach or that cliff over the ocean." The four guys that look awfully familiar all seem confused. "Honey, there is a change in plans. " I looked at Ryan who was to busy glaring at the four guys to notice the conversation. When I say nothing my father keeps going. "There is a change in the groom." At this Ryan's head shoots up he tries to talk but nothing comes out. I look around and see the sexy Greek God who is now jerk face smirking. "This is your fault!" I scream"Calm down Kam. We can find a way to work this out." Ryan whispers while rubbing my back. My chest is riding up then falling rapidly. I am so angry I can kill something. Since I am so angry I do what any sane person would do. Yell into a pillow. I hear chuckles and that is when I remember them. "You ruined everything!" I yell "I will never marry you!" I grab Ryan's hand and try to walk off. My latest actions seem to anger him. "You are not going anywhere with him." He hisses. I pull my hand from his wrist Ryan and I continue to walk. "I guess we will just have to kill him if you will not cooperate." At this my head snaps up. My father is nowhere to be seen I look up at jerk face his eyes twinkle with mischief. His smirk comes back. "Ryan probably has a better gang to beat your ass." At this he gets more angry but then it all goes and his signature smirk comes back. "Oh so he has the number one gang." Oh sh!t is the expression on Ryan and I's face. Alec Wolfe. I am marrying Alec freaking Wolfe. Ryan pulls my hand and I look up at him he nods towards the door. I turn to leave when all three of the guys guns rise."Ry y-you have to g-go." My voice cracking. Why does he have to leave me out of the two people I have been in an actual relationship with this has to happen with Ryan. "No. I can handle them." I kiss Ryan he responds, but before it gets deep I am pulled from him. "I will get you back Kam." I sniffle "I will be Waiting." I smile we lean in to kiss but I get pulled behind someone. "Get out. Know." Alec hisses. When Ryan left out the door I expected to cry but my features went blank I left without another word. "Be ready you are moving in our house tommorow." 'Over my dead body.' 
Author's Note:I hope yo u like it. This is my first book and hopefully it gets better in time. THANKS for reading. I appreciate it.
All rights reserved
*edited*
Hi my name is London, u can call me Don or Lon . I'm going to be a freshman this year. I love going for runs and playing video games with my brothers before I forget I don't have 1 or 2 I have 20 older brothers yeah crazy Ik and they are very protective of me. 
Jace, and Logan are 16 and they are juniors in high school they play basketball and are 5'8 they both hace green eyes
 Mario  is 16  and is a junior in high school he plays soccer and has brown eyes he plays nothing  5'8
Ernest is 15 and in his sophomore year he is 5'6 he has blue eyes he plays tennis 
August is 15 and in his sophomore year and a bit of junior year he has bluish green eyes he is 5'7
Trevon 15 and his  freshman year he has bright blue eyes and he is 5'6
Israel, Frank, and me are 14 we are freshman Israel and frank play football while i do track
all my brothers have brown hair they got it from our dad exept for me frank and israel we have our moms hair blond 
all my brothers are over protective when it comes to boys but this year they have clamed a little and let me hang out with boys but if they hurt me or make me uncomfortable they drop what they are doing and go into protective mode
and thats pretty much it hope yall enjoy my story
*London
I'm going to tell you a secret. A really big secret. A really, really big secret. But I'm only going to tell you if you don't tell anybody else, Okay?
I've long suspected it, but by now I am sure that in delivery units in hospitals across the country, there is stationed a secret government organization. Its agents move freely around the maternity units and place signs with the word 'NERD' printed in capital letters around the necks of completely innocent babies.
The signs are deviously designed: they become invisible soon after they have been placed and only reappear at puberty, to make the lives of millions teenagers miserable. I have no clue why the government does this. Perhaps it is a scientific project to create the next Bill Gates and make sure that America always stays at the top of the top ten of scientific countries. Perhaps the CIA just gets a laugh out of it. I really don't care.
What I want to know is: hey, why the hell didn't I get a sign?
Why do you look so surprised? At least, nerds have somebody to identify with, something to look forward to. While the Jocks and Cheerleaders do their best to humiliate them during school years, they can secretly laugh to themselves and think: 'Just you wait until my online company makes me millions! Then I'll buy the mortgage on your house, buy the football team you plan to play for, and you'll have to spend the rest of your life washing my Ferrari. And perhaps you'll get to lick my boots clean, too.'
It seems highly unlikely that I will ever have such joyous prospects before me. While being a nerd sucks sometimes, at least when you are a nerd, you know what you are, and you know what you're gonna be some day.
Me on the other hand... what would you call a fourteen year old imp of girl (4 feet 2 inches! I can't believe it! I'm still under 5 feet!) who likes Mafia and Western movies, dreams of dancing ballet and whose favorite subject is social studies? Yea, that's right, social studies. Why don't I just drop out of school and start earning my living by clipping toenails for old people?
Narra Ana:
(Leanlo pensando en su acento español) Hola hermosos❣ Me llamo Ana Jara, una chica normal, que le gusta la poesía, el AMOR (es algo obvio), cocinar y actuar... Pero yo, yo tengo una especie de don.
Y es que puedo enamorar a las personas. Claro que no es como se los pintan en las historias poniéndome alitas, 200k extra😒,y un arco con una flecha de corazón. Yo no puedo enamorar a las personas solo por así, si no mi trabajo sería muy fácil. A veces digamos que me equivoco y falló... Pero al final siempre logró que las personas estén con quienes deben estar😇, me encanta lo que hago aunque no siempre fue hací. Mi primer trabajo fue muy duro, pero ya les contaré más adelante, ahora les quiero contar como me transforme en Cupido❣👊
Hace un año:
Ana estaba en el parque cuidando de su primo menor, cuando un chico rubio, alto y muy guapo😏 se le acerca y se sienta a la par de ella.
Ana: Hola❣ Te puedo ayudar en algo?
Lionel: Si en mucho...
Lionel le sopla polvito mágico😂 y Ana se queda dormida, después hizo lo mismo con el primo de Ana, los llevo a una cueva y los MATÓ...
Ok no 😂💜
Los llevo a su casa, y allí despertó a Ana y ella al verlo casi iba a gritar pero Lionel le tapo la boca.
Lionel: Ana cálmate, necesito un favor y tú me tienes que escuchar así que cuando te quite mi mano no vas a gritar ¿ok?
Ana: mmj (Recuerden que tiene la boca tapada)
Lionel: Mira, yo soy... Como te lo explicó? Soy Cupido...
Ana:😐,😆,😂 JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA UAJAJAJAJAJAJ AJ...
Lionel: Con que muy graciosa la chica no? Bueno, que te parece si te digo toda tu vida amorosa y social?
Ana: Esta bien habla... 😕
Lionel: Nunca has tenido novio, pero te gustan 2 chicos, y perdón... Esa fue mi culpa. Se llaman Jorge y Gastón (Como nos salió nuestra "Anita"😂)Odias que los chicos sean tímidos, diste tu primer beso a los 15 años y fue con Jorge para la obra de teatro Romeo y Julieta.Tu primera vez cantando en un escenario fue a los 14 y con pusiste la canción (A rodar mi vida) para Gastón y después de eso tuvieron su primera cita en una heladería, tu pediste un helado de chocolate con maní, amas preparar brownies para tus amigos y lo haces los viernes cuando van a tu casa, tus mejores amigas se llaman Katja y Karol.Se conocieron en el patio de tu colegio, tu estabas en un columpio y Karol en el otro, cuando tú le hablaste y luego por accidente a Katja se le fue su pelota de básquet y callo en su patio, y sigo?...
Ana: No ya es suficiente, te creó pero... Yo que tengo que ver con todo esto?
Lionel: He visto un corazón puro en tí, uno de los cuales ya casi no hay en el mundo ok? Y necesito un asistente, porque esto es muy cansado y...
Ana: Cansado? 😂 Lo único que haces es disparar flechitas y vestirte con calzones.
Lionel: 😑 En primera, no me visto con calzones y no uso flechitas para nada ¿ok? Y segunda... Mi trabajo es muy complicado, tengo que enamorar a varias personas y no todas son tan fáciles de enamorar... Que crees? Que después de enamorar los los dejo que se pudran? NO, YO SOY EL QUE SE PREOCUPA DE QUE TODOS ESTEN FELICES!
Ana: Deja de quejarte querubín... Que es complicado? Armar citas?
Lionel: No me llames Querubín! 😡
Ana: Querubín😝😂
Lionel: YA ME ENOJE! AHORA VERAS!
Lionel saco su polvo mágico y roció un poco sobre Ana, enviándola a su casa y dejando a su primo en su casa, dándole la ilusión a Ana de que fue ella la que lo fue a dejar a casa de su tía pero que también pensará de que todo era un sueño.
Ana: Que sueño tan raro... Ja! Conocí a Cupido, como no... Bueno, espero que Cupido sea tan guapo como lo es el que vi en mi sueño.
De repente Ana observa que su collar con sus iniciales "A J" brilla, pero no porque le pegue la luz, era un brillo muy poco normal, un brillo tan despampanante y magnífico, de repente  Ana lo toca y... ¡Bum! El collar hace tremendo ruido, que Ana se cae de la cama con un grito...
Mamá de Ana: Estás bien hija? ( Desde la cocina)
Ana: Si mamá
Cuando se levanta se da cuenta de que las letras del collar ya no eran las mismas, esta vez tenía una M y una C. 
Ana: Que querrá decir eso?
De repente en su celular aparece un mensaje, con un nombre extraño pero familiar "Cupido" Ana muy asustada agarra el celular y mira el mensaje.
Lionel: Hola "Miss Cupido" (así te llamarás de hoy en adelante) soy CUPIDO, me recuerdas? Soy el chico al que lo molestaste diciendo que su trabajo era inútil 😒. Bueno... Ahora vamos a ver si dices lo mismo cuando a ti te toque ese "trabajo inútil😂" Te necesito porque ya no puedo seguir con esto y quiero tomar mi libertad, así que, aquí de dejo el paquete... Comenzarás con algo difícil, en tu escuela hay dos chicos, Carolina Kopelioff y Agustín Bernasconi... Ellos son almas gemelas pero no lo saben, tu tendrás que hacer que esa chica fresa y popular, se enamore de ese chico simple y algo tonto, pero es guapo y sexy 😏 lo que te ayudará, tendrás que ser como una amiga/ conciencia/ guía para Carolina, de Agustín se encargará tu ayudante que ya lo tengo pensado, su nombre es Ruggero Pasquarelli y el será tu cómplice... Tendrás también, algunos super poderes, que te ayudarán, como volar, leer mentes, y meterte a través de las conversaciones (muy útil😂) Así que buena suerte linda...
Ana: Joder... Bueno, mañana a empezar un largo día de trabajo y socializar, pero yo puedo, porque soy...
❤❤❤☺👊MISS CUPIDO👊☺❤❤❤
¡Gracias por leer!✍
Ayyyyy, I'm baaaaaack ;) 
I really need to stop writing more books when my other ones are not completed yet but I really wanted to do this so as I always love to say; screw it, let's do it. 
And begin...
ー
Description 
The story of Cinderella and her Prince Charming always ends in a happily ever after, but there is one part of the story that was removed and forgotten. 
The part with Prince Charming's bad little step brother.
Ace Crawford.
He is the boy with the leather jackets and the arrogant attitude. He is the one that started the legendary bad boy reputation that everyone seems to love, and that's exactly why they tried to forget him. 
He is a problem child that crashes the balls his step father, the King, throws and sleeps with girls he is arranged to marry, throwing them out as soon as he is done. 
He is the forgotten bad boy that was supposed to be a legend, and here is his story.
ー
Cast
Ace Crawford 
Winter Parker
ー
All these beautiful people making me feel like a potato *sigh* 
Lots of love and jelly tots- TPG
Thank you for reading this story ^^
Sooooo this is my first story which is NOT a Fan-Fic. I wanted to try something else beside only Fan-Fics and I came up with this story. I will do my best with this story as well!
[WARNING: This story has some curses so read it on your own risk.]
Author's Note: There will be some grammer mistakes. I suck in cliché parts but I still give my best. Everything in this story is made up so I'm sorry if this book doesn't satisfy you or your expectations.
Vote 
Comment 
ENJOY!!!
Chapter One
-Emma-
"You can move willingly or I can move you forcefully." I said through gritted teeth.  
"Sweetheart, you're tiny. Do you honestly think that you could actually move me?" Aiden said with a confident smirk on his face.  
Striking a heated glare towards him I said, "I might be small, but I'm not that weak. In honestly you don't look so strong to begin with." Even with my insult his smirk didn't even falter a bit.  
"Why don't you try and find out?" He answered back. All I could do was take a few steps forward and hope that my eyes could shoot laser beams to melt his head. So how did I get into a standoff with the school's bad boy? Well it all started with a very dysfunctional morning.  
"Emma! Emma!" I heard my mother's voice yell through my shut door, but I just put a deaf ear to her voice and rolled over in my comfy yet warm bed. "Emma, its 8:10 and school starts in twenty minutes!" at the sound of that my eyes snapped open and I sat up in my bed or at least I tried to.  
I was so wrapped up in my blanket and sheets that I literally fell off the bed face first toward the cold hardwood floors. "Ouch." I groaned as I sat up still in the mix of sheets. I blinked a few times trying to think why I was out of bed again and then it hit me, school. "Crap!" I yelled standing up after I finally got unwrapped from the sheets. I sprinted to my en suite bathroom and took the quickest shower known to man. I was literally in and out of the shower in less than a minute. I brushed my teeth like I had super speed in my arm and sprinted out of the bathroom.  
I glanced towards my alarm clock on my nightstand, yeah the same one that failed to wake me up this morning. It read 8:15 am, fifteen minutes to go. I smirked to myself thinking I might actually make it on time, but we all know life isn't that fair. When I went to look in my closet to get some clothes to wear, all the junk I stuffed in there last night to clean my room came tumbling down on top of me. 
I popped my head out of the pile and looked around. "Ahh, shit! I don't have time for this!" I stood up and grabbed a black t-shirt and a pair of jeans from the closet and slipped them on and grabbed my backpack sprinting out of my room. I ran so fast that I almost flew down the stairs, almost.  
When I went into the kitchen, before I could say anything my mother stuffed a piece of toast in my mouth. "Go, Amy is waiting for you outside. You have ten minutes before school starts." She said. I nodded and flew out of the front door to the silver Toyota Camry that was in my driveway. As soon as I got in the car, it was backing out of the driveway and on the main road before I could put on my seat belt.  
"If I'm late one more time because of you, I will burn your laptop." My best friend Amy said.  
The piece of toast I had in my mouth dropped to the floor. "You can't!" I demanded.  
"I can and I will." She said giving me a sharp look before glancing back to the road.  
"Well, step on it woman!" I literally yelled in her ear.  
"I am!" Amy yelled back.  
I looked at my phone, seven minutes before class starts. Amy pulled into Jefferson High's parking and into the first parking space she saw. As soon as the car was parked we sprinted into the building knowing that if we don't run we will actually be late. I glanced back to my phone, five more minutes before class starts.  
"Hurry!" I yelled at Amy who was trailing behind me.  
"I'm trying!" She yelled back. I glanced back to her to see how far she was behind me and before I could turn back and look where I was going I crashed into something hard that sent me flying to floor.  
"Ow." I said holding my head which hit the floor.  
"Emma!" Amy yelled. She grabbed my arm and helped me off the floor. "Are you okay?" She asked concern laced in her voice.  
"Yeah." I answered. "What the hell did I hit?" I asked and before Amy could answer a deep voice cut her off. 
"Me." Said the deep voice, I glanced over and internally groaned. "Next time watch where you're going." He said brushing off the invisible dust on his white shirt. Yes, standing in front of me was none other than the school's bad boy, Aiden Black. A bit cliché, don't you think?  
"Sorry, I didn't know a cinder block was standing in my way." I said a bit too loud that Aiden heard.  
"Repeat that." He said and that's where my big mouth landed me now. 
"Just move." I said. "I have no time for your childish tactics."  
"Like I have time for your own." He stated stuffing his hands in his dark jeans pockets.  
"Emma, three minutes." Amy whispered. "We really don't have time unless you want Mr. Gray to rip off our heads for being late." My hands formed into fists knowing that I had to walk away like a loser from this. Amy tugged on my arm signaling for us to go.  
I just glared at Aiden and his lips pulled to the side to form a smirk knowing that I was backing down. I walked past him, but stopped for a second right near his ear. "This is not over." I said.  
"Oh, I'm shaking with fear." I could hear the humor in his voice.  
A smirk formed on my own lips. "You should be." Was the last thing I said as I brushed past him allowing my shoulder to hit his own.  
"Are you crazy?" Amy asked as we sped walk into our first period classroom. 
"Maybe." I said shrugging my shoulder as we took our seats in the middle of the classroom just as the bell rung.  
"You just declared war with the school's most fearful bad boy. You must be crazy, I think you hit your head a little bit too hard back there."  
"What's so scary about him?" I asked as I place my notebook on my desk.  
"Do you not hear rumors about his past?"  
"What past?" I asked clueless.  
Amy gapped at me incredulously. "Are you serious? You have been in this school for the past three soon to be four years and you still don't know?" I nodded. "Rumors have it that Aiden is a part of a massive drug ring and that he has been arrested numerous times because of it, but none of it show up on his record because his parents clear it up by using their major influence on our town." 
"So, basically a rich kid acting out? I don't see the problem." I said biting the end of my pen.  
"Emma, he's dangerous. I also heard his friends Derek Smith and Matt Ryder are also a part of that ring." 
"Boys will be boys." I said writing down the notes from the board that our math teacher, Mr. Gray, jotted down before officially starting class. 
"They can take you out in one clean strike and not even take one glance back."  
"Scary." I said not really paying attention to her.  
"Emm-"Amy started to say but was cut off by our math teacher starting class. 
I know she is trying to warn me about Aiden and his group. Honestly, I'm not scared at all. Bad boy or not, I will not let anyone walk all over me. Not today, not tomorrow, not ever.
~~~~~
Hey lovelies! 
Check out my other stories! 
'Figuring Out The Bad Boy.' 
'Opposites Attract.' 
'Bad Boy Behavior.' 
Don't forget to vote and comment! 
-Lisa- 
***A/N PLEASE READ***
I had started this story a long time ago but then I stopped because I wasn't really getting feed back. However, I've recently been getting some so I decided to start again. The start of the story is very lame and I tried to touch it up the best I could...BUT I swear it gets better so please keep reading!!! Thank you :)
I groan at my reflection in the mirror not wanting to get ready. I brush my teeth, take a quick shower then slip into a black sheer button up shirt with collars and some black ripped skinny jeans. I tuck in a little part of the shirt in the front and leave the rest down. I put a little bit of eyeliner on and a couple layers of mascara. I can never leave the house at least one of those on for sure. 
Putting my hair in a messy pony tail I grab my bag and walk down to get some breakfast and see my mom sitting on the counter with a cup of coffee in her hand and a magazine in the other. I can say that my family has a quite a lot of money because my mom works for magazines and my dad has lots of business around the country. Which also means they are never home.
However, we do have a maid. Rachel. I don't like calling her a maid because I consider her a part of the family. She is one of the closest people in my life right now, I have known her for years. 
"Good morning Caitlyn." My mom greets me with a smile.
"Morning." I return the smile.
She eyes me up and down. "Wow sweetie I like your outfit"
"Thank you" I say dramatically fluttering my eyelashes earning a chuckle from my mom.
I always have the latest clothes thanks to my mom. Since she does photo shoots and stuff she knows exactly what's in style. I have to admit, I have a little obsession with clothes as well.
I know my life sounds amazing. What Seventeen year old wouldn't love a rich family? I can definitely say me without any hesitation. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate everything I have and everything my parents do for me it's just that they're barely ever around. They have never been very involved in my life. Especially my dad. He's missed many important events in my life and to make up for them he will give me a sorry present. He is a busy man considering his work and all but it seems that it is the only important thing for him. 
I sit down and Rachel hands me a glass of orange juice with an apple.
"Here you go love"
"Thank you." I say giving her a smile.
"What do you want on your sandwich for lunch?" She asks opening the fridge. 
"Doesn't matter"
"So honey" My mom said taking a sip of her coffee. "I am going to be a little late today because I have to do a photo shoot and I have to help set up for another photo shoot that's tomorrow.
Of course.
"What about dad? When is he getting back?" I ask.
"He said he is hoping to be back by next weekend."
I nod my head taking a bite of my apple.
"I have to get going" I said walking over and giving my mom a kiss.
"Bye sweetie have a good day!" She said back.
I walked over to Rachel and gave a kiss. "Bye Rachel" I said grabbing my lunch.
"Bye" She calls out.
I walk over to the shoe closet and grab my black combat boots. It was nice out today and I just want a peaceful walk to school. The school isn't too far away from my house. It takes me about 10 minutes to get there.
" I can stay awake just to hear you breathing/ watch you smile while you are sleeping .." Ike sang while handing her yellow lilies.
Ugrh. Here we go again thought Airell to herself. She already had a bad day so early in the morning and this jerk is making it a lot worse.
"Go to hell, Ike," she said then continued in her morning run.
Ike did his best to keep up with her while still holding the flowers, "What's wrong, Princess? Aren't yellow lilies your favorite?"
Airell stopped running as soon as she heard the word 'Princess'. It reminded her of the argument she had with her father early this morning.
She sighed then turned to face Ike, "Look, Ike, what part of 'go to hell' do you not understand? It means 'get lost' but in a more creative way!"
"Is it so difficult for you to just accept these flowers? Seriously, Airell. I've been wanting to date you since 7th grade!" He said out of frustration.
"It just means I don't like you! Do you not get the picture?!" She yelled.
Ike stood there and frowned. But the look of admiration is visible in his eyes. Who wouldn't be struck with Airell Jillian Carter? The daughter of a rich businessman. She got the looks, with her long mahogany hair cascading down her back, chocolate brown eyes, decorated with long prominent lashes, full pink lips that seemed so inviting, and an amazingly fit body that would make any guy drool.
"I'm sorry," was all Ike could say. He always has this effect whenever Airell is around. He gets all flustered, and it's weird because only Airell got this effect on him.
Airell just sighed and continued with her run, leaving Ike behind, looking longingly at her.
After a few moments, her phone rang. She stopped running and looked at the caller ID, and saw that it was her Dad.
"Yes, Dad?" She answered her phone.
"Where are you? Come home as soon as you can. We're having lunch with Jessica." Her Dad said.
Greaaaaat.
"No, thank you," she replied sarcastically.
She heard her Dad sigh on the other line, "Princess, please give Jessica a chance. Once you get to know her, you'll like her. I'm sure of it."
"That's the thing Dad, I don't want to give her a chance. I don't want someone like her to replace Mom."
"Airell Jillian Carter! Don't you think you're being too childish on this?! Enough of this nonsense!"
Frustration is clearly evident in her father's voice. But the thing is, if she doesn't want to do something, nobody can do anything about it, not even her father.
"Sorry Dad, I just can't," she answered.
"Airell! Come ho-" her Dad didn't get to finish what he was saying since she hanged up.
She groaned at the thought of another woman in their family. Or maybe,  she simply hated Jessica.
After awhile of contemplating on what she would do next, her phone vibrated, notifying her of a message.
Race in Italy today. You coming? -Cait
Caitlyn is her bestfriend who is currently living in Italy with her newly opened Club. She and Caitlyn have been friends for 7 years and she knew she could always run to her bestfriend for support.
Definitely. She replied.
Perhaps this is what she needed. A trip to calm her nerves.
She sighed and stared at the road for awhile before making another call.
"Carter Industries, Mr. Carter's office, how may I help you?" said a voice from the other line. She knew it was her Dad's secretary.
"This is Airell Carter. Book a flight for 1 person to Sicily, Italy this morning before noon. I don't care if there are stops. Just as long as I get there as soon as possible," she ordered.
"Uhm, does Mr. Carter know of this Miss Carter?" the secretary asked and she heard the sound of fingers typing on the keyboard. She knew this meant the secretary is already booking her flight.
"Yes. But I do hope that you won't tell him the time of  my flight. I want to surprise him," she lied through her teeth, "I'll be there in half an hour to get the information of my trip."
"Okay, then Miss."
"Thank you," she said then hang up.
She smirked to herself then hailed a cab to her Dad's office.
She knew she was being childish again. She knew she's being a brat, but she doesn't care.
I'm a Princess after all. And a Princess with an attitude that is, she thought with a smile.
A/N: 
Hey guys! Heres a new story from me to you. Catch Airell and her life-story on the next chapters. I know the prologue may suck but give this story a chance. It gets better. Maybe you'll like it.
Don't forget to vote and tell me what you think!
-kimmy
READERS' COMMENTS:
"Omg I love this book, I can't wait for next chapter😊" -Lauryn3011
"Please please please update I rarely  comment but I love this book that's why am commenting..." -mide_ot
"Do you know how much I cried over this book already??? And I cried even more when I got to the end if this chapter! Please update soon or I'm gonna die of anticipation." -CanYouFrickinNot
"Shittttt.. I realllllllyyyyyy fell in love with this book...lit has made me laugh and cry and some other deep shit.. I can't live without this book!" -tehaniseto04
"I love your book I absolutely can't wait for the next update your an amazing author!" -chanfan16
NOTE: THIS STORY IS CURRENTLY UNDER REVISION. READ AT YOUR OWN RISK.
 
Have you ever seen that picture of a crying girl slumped against a toilet? And there's someone else holding a broom, petting the crying girl's back in an effort to comfort her because they're too awkward to comfort them normally? Yeah? Well, I would be the person holding onto the broom. Completely awkward and uncomfortable. Consolation isn't really my strong point. That's why as my mom clung to me crying, I, Allie Heywood, was as stiff as a board, unable to do anything to console her.
            "Are you sure you want to do this?" she questioned me for the hundredth time, sniffling loudly.
            I squirmed around, trying to get her to release her death grip on me. "Mom, I'm positive. Stop acting like it's the end of the world! I'm moving three towns over, not three states over!"
            Her bright blue eyes brimmed over with new tears. "That's still a two hour drive!"
            "Holly," my dad interjected, frowning at my mom, "a two hour drive isn't really that long. Plus, Allie Cat has the same habit of speeding as I do. It'd only be about an hour and a half for us."
            My mom whipped her head around to stare at my dad incredulously. "Chris! You shouldn't be making that sound okay!"
            I took the moment of my mother's shock to my advantage, shimmying out of her slender arms. "Mom, please. You don't need to cry so much..."
            "You should realize after seventeen years that your mother's favorite past time is crying, Allie Cat." My dad smirked, his grey eyes flashing in amusement.
            A blush blossomed on my mom's cheeks and she glared at him. "You're such a jerk!"
            "You guys should act your age, not like teenagers," I muttered. It was supposed to be to myself, but my dad has an unnatural habit of catching things people mutter under their breath. It's kind of annoying.
            "Heard that, Allie Cat," he told me with a wink.
            "Don't call me that!"
            "Chris, call her Allie," my mom scolded, giving him a disapproving look. "You know that bothers her."
            He grinned evilly. "Oh, I know. But she's just as cute as you are when it comes to angry reactions."
            "You're being annoying!"
            "Am I?"
            Rolling my eyes, I turned my back on the bickering couple and surveyed the brick apartment complex standing before me. To be completely honest, it was a little intimidating. Not scary, but it was a little too fancy for my liking. Just by glancing at it you could tell whoever lived there had money. A lot of it. It was two stories tall, with white siding and a black slate roof. Vines climbed up the side of it in an elegant way, giving the building a picturesque vibe. It was split into two apartments; one of which belonged to the man I was going to be staying with for the duration of my senior year.
            The man who was currently missing in action.
            "Paul better get here quick," my dad muttered, frowning at the sky. "It looks like it's going to start raining."
            "I think he said he had to stop by Holly's house to give her a late Mother's Day gift," my mom said thoughtfully.
            "Mother's Day gift? That was over three months ago."
            "I said late. Paul is always behind the times."
            Paul. Paul Russet. That was the man I was moving in with. According to my parents, they'd known him since he was a baby. They're also good friends with his parents, Holly (yeah, same name as my Mom) and Andy. As it just so happened, Paul lived near Chennault Academy— the infamous music school I'd spent my whole high school career trying to get into.
Copyright © 2013. All rights reserved. No part of the materialize may be copied, photocopied, reproduced, translated or reduced to any electronic medium or machine-readable form, in whole or in part, without specific permission.
My badboy is considered a stand alone novel. 
For any previous insight into the secondary characters, read my first book My Girl, which would be under my works. 
Please enjoy! 
Nickymb <3 
coming soon
All Grace wanted was to be popular. She didn't want to lose her best friend. She didn't want her boyfriend to be a murderer. She didn't want any of this.
She just wanted to be popular.
All Peter wanted was a friend. He didn't want to lose the only person who cared for him. He didn't want to feel like a murderer. He didn't want any of this.
He just wanted a friend.
but like a flash of a camera he was gone 
•all rights reserved•
It's funny how interesting the ceiling is at 3:00 in the morning. I've been staring at it for over two hours, and yet I still can't make myself fall asleep.
It sounds like a cry for attention actually talking about, but it's true.  
It's simple - I just can't sleep.
And almost nothing works; not sleeping pills, not exercise - heck I've even tried a sleep mask.
I don't even remember the last time I've had a full night of sleep.  Moving across the town hasn't helped, what with having to stay in a stuffy hotel for weeks.  But nevertheless, I'm happy that we are moving.  Maybe my disorder will magically be cured in the new house.  That would be nice, right?
It's doubtful, but I'll take what I can get.  
When the morning light starts to peek through the blinds, I swing my legs over the side of my bed and pad across to my temporary bedroom door.
The hotel that we are currently staying in is quite small, but it doesn't really matter because it's just my mom, my sister and I.  My dad left right after Elizabeth was born, completely abandoning my family.
Its really not a big deal or anything, but it does suck knowing that he's off living with his 'new family.'
He calls every now and then, but I never answer.
It's nearly 5:00 now, so my mom will be up soon. I know she'll want to get going as soon as Elizabeth is up, so I should probably start on breakfast.
~*~*~*~
I flip the last pancake over to cook as my thirteen-year-old sister stumbles into the kitchen, sporting some great bed head.
"Good morning Lizzie," I glance over to see her rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.
"I told you not to call me that," she lets out a heavy yawn, "It makes me sound like a little girl."
I grin in amusement, "Well I like it." I push a plate of stacked pancakes in front of her, "I think it suits you."
She scowls playfully at me before stabbing her fork into a pancake.
The sizzling sound of bacon fills my ears as the morning sunlight floods the small hotel kitchen.  "Is mom up yet? I need to go over some homework with her." Lizzie asks through a mouth full of pancakes.
"One," I hold up a finger, "Don't chew with your mouth open it's very un-lady like," She scowls. "Two, no mom is not up yet, but I can help you." I say with a hopeful smile.
Math has always been a secret love of mine and unlike Lizzie, I am fairly good at it. Plus, I already know it's math that she needs help with.
"You know what, I think I'll just wait to do it later," She says, taking a gulp of her orange juice. 
Lizzie and I have both mastered the act of procrastination.
It was at this point that my mother decided to make an appearance, padding into the kitchen in her new slippers that I got her for her birthday.
"Good morning girls," She brushes her hair out of her face, "Sorry I slept in so late." She says, yawning while plopping down next to Lizzie.
"It's fine mom, you deserve the break." I say, handing her a cup of coffee.
And it's true, my mom does deserve a break.
What with the move, and finding a new job and everything, she has been working non-stop for Lizzie and I. Did I mention I love my mom?
After we all finish breakfast, my mom commands us to go pack up our few belongings and get dressed.  In no time, we are out the door and driving down the road in our faded blue Subaru. 
After many gas stops and bathroom breaks, we finally arrive and I snap out of my daydreaming as we pull in to the dirt driveway.
I haven't seen the house yet - which makes moving all the more exciting - so when my eyes land on the small two story house in front of us, a smile breaks out on my face.
It's perfect really, with its faded red brick color, and cute porch - I know this house will suite our family just fine.
"So, do you guys like it?" My mom says hopefully, an excited smile playing on her lips. There's a moment of silence before Lizzie breaks it.
"Mom it's perfect!" Lizzie scrambles out of the backseat, eager to get inside.
"Jenna, honey what about you? Do you like it?" My moms smile turns doubtful because of my silence.
I break out into a grin.
"I love it."
~*~*~*~
Hey guys. 
So This book is going to be about nick's life. Carlos's brother.
It's a spin off of the badboy's new girl.
Just 1 rule...
●no hate. I have had enough hate on my other books and it's annoying. I have muted a few people as well and I don't want to do that.
That's it.
So I hope you like this book.Comment•vote•followByee
                  
-Lali es una chica de 16 años, pelo castaño oscuro, ojos marrones, es delgada y algo bajita. Es tímida y muy reservada, casi nunca habla con nadie, no siempre fue así, algo la hizo cambiar, algo que le destrozo la vida, ese hecho la hizo meterse en su mundo y no dejar que nadie entrase en el.
-Peter es un chico guapo de 18 años, pelo castaño claro, ojos verdes, buen cuerpo y de estatura normal. Solía ser el centro de las miradas, se llevaba a cuanta chica quería, se decía de él que era el rey del instituto, hasta que algo cambio su vida para siempre y lo hizo un chico atormentado.
                  
Soy nueva en esto, mi nombre es Laura, me cree wattpad, pero no lo usaba, hasta ahora que he empezado a leer historias Laliter y decidí subir la mía, espero que os guste y tener lector@s. Mañana subiré los personajes. Un beso

 A new story, yes! I hope you all like it :)
______________________________________
           “You’re breaking up with me?”
            The tears had already welled in my eyes and were spilling down my face as my boyfriend—well, ex-boyfriend I suppose—whom I have been dating for two years broke the news to me. He had a sheepish look on his face and he rubbed the back of his neck, something that he only does when he’s nervous.
            “I’m sorry—“
            “Was it something I did? How about something that I said?” I know I should just shut up but I kept blabbering on. “Is it, Blake? I swear, I’ll do anything you want just please don’t break it off!”
             “Melody! Calm down… It’s nothing you did. It’s just that…” He took a deep breath. “I just don’t feel anything with us, you know? People say when you kiss someone there should be something that makes it worthwhile but the only thing that I feel is a kiss. There’s nothing more.”
            Well, that makes two of us. 
            The truth is that even though we dated for two years, I never was in love with him. Sure, I loved him but I didn’t get the ‘in love’ feeling that you should get. I guess we were both just not into it.
            I wiped away the tears on my face and nodded my head furiously making my blond hair flop into my face. “I understand, I do…”
            “I’m sorry that I wasted two years of your life but hey, it’s our senior year. Make things count.” Blake gave me an awkward parting hug then left me alone in the middle of the hallway as people stumbled out of the school to get home. Some people even had the nerve to stare at me. Obviously they both heard and saw the very public breakup and probably were waiting to see if I went crazy by throwing my stuff onto the ground and screaming. The least Blake could’ve done was bring me somewhere more secluded where there aren’t any witnesses to see what went down.
            Soon sadness was replaced with anger and I huffed out. I stomped all the way to my locker, grabbed some books for homework this weekend, and pushed my way to where my best friend, Noah Freely, was making out with some girl only a few lockers down. I rolled my eyes and stomped on his foot until he released his death lock on the girl.
            At first he pulled away and glared at me but once he took in my expression, his eyes widened. “Oh shit, you’re pissed,” He realized then quickly pulled out of the girl’s grip. “I’ll call you later, uh…” He trailed off as he tried to think of her name.
            “Kelsey.”
            “Right…” He muttered and shut his locker after he threw his backpack carelessly on his back. He didn’t even take another glance at the girl as he put his arm around my shoulders and we walked down the hallway to the school’s parking lot.
            It may seem like we’re more than friends but in reality, we could never be. You see, Noah and I are complete opposites. He’s athletic and one of those guys who would rather get drunk and sleep with girls while I’m more into school and would never want to just ‘hook up’ with someone hence why I was with Blake for so long. Even with all these differences, we’ve been best friends since grade school. He does have other guy friends but he would rather spend time with me than them. Same with my other friends mostly because Noah was much more fun to be with and understood me more than any of them combined.
DREW THOMSON
I look over towards Ryder and raise an eyebrow, "There is no way in hell, that I'll fall in love with this Nicole chick," I smugly say, "She'll fall for me."
Ryder raises his own eyebrow in challenge, "You sure?" he smirks back.
I look at him with certainty, "Definitely," I whisper.
I hear a loud screech from my best friends girlfriend, "Oh my gosh! Drew!"
I look over at the girl with brown hair, and brown eyes.
Clarity Charms.
I get up off of the old campus bed. Clarity jumps at me and I easily catch her.
"Ryder, you didn't tell me he was coming!" she exclaims
"Yeah, well, here he is," I hear his scowl, "Now, Drew, can you please place my girlfriend down?"
I squeeze Clarity tighter as she tries to get down, "But.. I missed her," I pout.
"I said," he growls, "Down."
I hear a faint shout, "Clarity! You can't just ditch me like that!"
I look over towards a girl with dyed, blonde hair, and flawless olive tan skin.
I place Clarity down, and she giggles as she runs towards the blonde, "I'm sorry, Nikki. I just got excited when I saw Drew's car outside," she appologizes.
The blonde looks over towards me, "That's Drew?" She raises an eyebrow.
Clarity gives her a sheepish look, "Yeah," she shrugs, walking over towards Ryder.
Ryder gives Clarity a cheeky smile and snakes his arms around her waist.
I look away from them, and look at the blonde.
She gives me a cautious look, before giving me a home gesturing smile, "Hi, I'm Nicole, Nicole Gold," she holds her hand out.
I look at her hand, before taking it, "Nice to meet you, Nicole. I'm Drew, Drew Thomson," I smile back.
She drops her hand from mine, "Nice meeting you, Drew," she involuntarily bats her eyelashes.
I smirk, and she raises an eyebrow.
"I think we're going to get along just fine," I say.
She rolls her blue-green eyes, "We just met," she scowls.
I give her a sheepish, cheeky smile, "That's the attitude I like in a girl."
She narrows her eyes, "Shut it, Thomson," she seethes.
"Oooo," I drag out, "Already using nicknames, are we, Nikki?" I smirk.
Her blue eyes turn a darker shade, "Only Clarity gets to call me that. And I was only using your last name, so go screw yourself," she hisses.
I like her.
"Not before you do," I wink.
Her oceanic eyes are no longer blue-green, "I said," her cat eyes look at me, "Shut it."
Yup,
We are going to get along just fine.
And we just met.
"I'm glad I met you," I say truthfully.
"Go suck on Ryder's dick, please," She says sweetly.
I look over at Ryder, who was sucking Clarity's face off, "Looks like he's already occupied," I scoff.
Nicole looks over at me, "I think they're cute," she shrugs.
I look down at the blonde, again, "Blonde," I say.
She gives a weird look, "What?"
"Blonde," I repeat, "That's what I'll call you."
She gives me a scowl in return, "Whatever floats your boat, brunett," she pauses, "And plus, this isn't even natural. It's just a dyed blonde," she says.
I give her a look, "I thought so."
She looks at me, "Oh hush," she rolls her eyes, again.
I chuckle at her childish behavior.
Meeting you, is so far the best thing that has ever happened to me, Blonde.
A/N
Ahhhh!! Who else is excited for this new series?!!
I know I am!
I hope you all enjoyed this Prologue!
I'll see you all next chapter, and don't forget to COMMENT, FAN, and VOTE.
I love you all
xx
Don't be a silent reader.
Du weißt gar nicht, wie gut du es hast.
Du weißt gar nicht das zu schätzen, was du hast.
Du hast ein warmes Bett, in dem du jede Nacht schläfst.
Du hast Essen, so viel Essen, dass euer Kühlschrank zu platzen droht.
Du hast einen geregelten Tag, du gehst in die Schule, die Uni oder die Arbeit und weißt, dass du nachts in Ruhe mit vollem Magen schlafen kannst.
Du hast ein Smartphone, keine schlimmen Krankheiten und keine Angst vor dem Tod.
Du hast ein Konto mit Geld drauf  -  wie viel oder wenig du auch immer hast  -  aber der Punkt ist: du hast es.
Du hast Menschen um dich herum, denen du blind vertrauen kannst und die dir nichts Böses wollen.
Scheiße man, du hast alles. Alles, was ein Mensch braucht.
Ich habe nichts davon.
Ich habe nicht einmal einen Ausweis. Offiziell existiere ich überhaupt nicht.
Ich lebe für den Moment, ich lebe jetzt, und ich habe keine Ahnung, ob ich morgen immer noch leben werde oder ob meine Leiche in irgendeinem Hinterhof vergammeln wird, ohne dass es jemanden kümmert.
Das Leben auf New Yorks Straßen ist hart. Unvorstellbar hart. Die wenigsten, nein eigentlich keiner von euch weiß, wie es uns hier geht. Jugendliche und Kinder, allein gelassen, verloren, emotional erstarrt und zerbrochen.
Wir sind die Ausgestoßenen der Gesellschaft. Der Abschaum, den niemand sehen will und den die Regierung ignoriert und totschweigt.
Wir sind aber trotzdem hier, und auch wir müssen leben. Von etwas leben. In etwas hausen.
Es ist bitter. Es ist so bitter, dass wir in diese Situation gerutscht sind, ohne dass wir etwas dafür können.
Das Schicksal ist ein mieses Schwein, aber das wusste ich jetzt schon länger.
Jamie und ich schlagen uns aber durch. Wir schaffen das.
Jamie ist mein Ein und Alles.
Er ist mein kleiner Bruder. Elf Jahre alt.
Glaubt mir, mir tut es jeden Tag aufs Neue in der Seele weh, dass seine Kinderaugen in die Welt hinausblicken und nur das Schlimme und Grausame zu sehen bekommen.
Er ist ein wahrer Engel, er hat viel Besseres verdient. Ich sage nicht von mir selber, dass ich zu etwas Besserem berufen bin, aber ich sage das von Jamie. Er ist ein Kind, verdammt nochmal!
Elf Jahre.
Seit zwei Jahren schlagen wir uns jetzt schon durch die Tiefen der Bronx. New York ist kein Zuckerschlecken, das ist so sicher wie das Amen in der Kirche.
Und die Bronx sind besonders schlimm.
Aber wenigstens haben wir es einigermaßen gut, auch wenn ich dafür täglich alles aufs Spiel setzen muss, was mir etwas bedeutet... 
Okay so I have no idea how to dedicate chapters to people, but I would like to dedicate my first two chapters to two of my first fans. Thank you for commenting on my last stroy that I sadly deleted. Your support really made me feel good. Now I want you to know that just because I'm dediacting this to you doesn't mean you have to like this story. 
I love you FatimaZ13 and Lala1890
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I was never one for trouble. I was always the good little boy who listened to his parents. I never strayed too far from the path.
Which I guess was the very reason I was hundreds of miles from my home. Here I am waiting on the brothers who I was unaware existed until a couple of weeks ago to arrive at the airport.
My eyes scan the crowded area around me and I tuck in on myself trying to disappear into the wall behind me. I never liked loud noises or commotion. Chaos gives me a headache and I could feel the pain forming behind my eyes as people rush to get to wherever they need to go.
I bring a cool hand to my forehead allowing the coldness to soothe me. I was supposed to have been picked up by now. I bite down on my lower lip, my signature worried crease forming between my eyebrows as they furrow.
What if they never came? What if I was going to be stranded here in the airport forever? I am miles away from home….what if I die without my mom ever knowing what happened.
I could feel the friend I had come to know very well stir in its sleep.
Anxiety was never far away from me, it was always there. Seemingly to love to throw me into panic attacks.
Someone bumps into my shoulder as they try to shove past the crowd. I mumble out an apology, I shouldn’t be standing in the way of everyone. I push myself further into the wall and hide behind my bangs. My hands clumsily fumble to the worn out picture I had been using as a reassurance that my mom had not just sent me off to die.
I unfold the paper quickly and let my eyes look over the photo. I try to take in and memorize my brother’s faces so I won’t miss them if… when they come to get me.  
My eyes immediately find green ones and I trace the handsome face with my finger. He looks like me with the same dark green forest eyes and black hair. He seems to wear his features better as he stares at the camera with a crooked boy next door smile. He’s tall and even from the picture I know he will tower over me. In the picture he’s in the middle of running his hand through his hair. His fingers are tangled in his midnight locks and it holds his bangs away from his face so that I can see his forehead. His other arm hangs loosely around my other brother. The blonde wears his arm proudly and a goofy childlike smile accompanies his pretty features. It’s obvious he’s trying to hold in laughter and his clear blue eyes aren’t facing the camera but instead stare at his brother. I wonder what’s so funny and if a joke was made. If I was there I wonder if I would have laughed. Would I be in the picture? With their arms securely around me, a brotherly love surrounding us.
I sigh as look up from the paper my eyes searching the crowd once more. I had always wanted siblings, I hated the fact that I was an only child and wanted someone to stay up with all night. I didn’t care if they were older or younger, boy or girl. I just wanted someone to connect with. I glance back down at the paper. Isaac and Andrew. I think I would have been close to them. Isaac only seniors me by five years making him 23 and Andrew only by four making him 22.
Bianka Vic. lat. 16
Artur Sikorskilat. 16
Amanda BlakLat. 16
Klaudia FunfLat 16
I inniSylwia LipkaSylwia PrzybyszJeremi SikorskiDominiki i Remo ŁupiccyKinga KlaczAga Kup
Before you read:
Let's start this off right, shall we? (:
Okay, I'm am seriously not a good person when It comes to Grammar or spelling. I do my best, but when it comes to writing I just go to fast and miss things along the way.  What I will usually do for this story is post my unedited version and then come back and edit it. (:
Now, don't go thinking it's going to be horriable. It's just minor things, I swear <3
If you have a pet peeve when it comes to things like that .... I guess you shouldn't read this. I'm not saying it's bad, but not the best.  Sorry ...
Language and some scenes are going to be in this story that is ... well ...  explicit and not for younger people. Unless you are young and want to be a rebel, read on ! . If not, there's your  fair warning (:
Oh, and this story is for fun. It isn't going to have any deep meaning nor is it going to have anything close to it. It's pure fun and that's it! :p
Anyways, here is my story and hopefully it's good ! <3
 - Nickymb <3
Second Book On Profile ---->
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Breaking up a sexual encounter wasn’t in my job description.
If I was being even more honest with myself, stealing books from the library and bringing them home wasn’t in my job description either. But since no one complained about that little fact yet, I was willing to let the guilt go.
It wasn’t as if I was actually stealing the books, I mean I worked here for Gods sake, it was mostly just borrowing till I found a way to bring them back.            
While some people might find that characteristic quirky, or something equally insulting, I guess other people would consider me socially awkward. I was the girl who always had a snide comment on her tongue and never followed the latest fashions.
And even if I did, it wasn’t like I had the money to actually buy anything worth wearing. My hair would never make it on the cover of some fashion magazine and my eyes were this weird grey color that seemed to freak people out.    
The one and only time I ever stepped into Victoria Secret was my freshmen year and that was only because my best friend, Kelsey, had her face practically glued to a pair of thongs.
Love is a word I would probably either curse the Gods for making possible or would find in the comfort of my couch as I stayed  up late eating handfuls of popcorn, ogling over some leading mans abs.
The only kiss I ever got was from Matthew Mills and that was in seventh grade on a truth or dare. Even then, it pretty much sucked since somehow during our fabulous make-out extraordinaire he kept getting his elbows stuck in my side and my hair tangled in his thin, long fingers.
So as I turn the corner, a stack of books that Mrs. Jane the old library worker with the beak like nose gave me to put away, I find the one and only Aiden Cash  pushed up against another girl, making out as if their whole future depended on it. And right then and there I knew this wasn’t what my job entitled me to deal with.    
I watched as the girl seemed to groan like a dying dog as Aiden’s hand traveled up her blouse, getting closer and closer to her size B boobs that she tried to shove in a size A bra.
Prologue:
I was expecting this, the looks, the confused stares. Everyone in town knew that Scott Dylan's daughter was coming to town, i guess they weren't expecting a little nerd. The whole world knew that the Dylan's daughter was your typical badass, they knew that she got kicked out of school, went to far to many parties. It was just part of being a billionaire everyone knew everything. 
If they wanted me to be well behaved then i was going to put on a little show. I was going to make their life a living hell. 
"Are you Lexi Dylan's?" A pretty blonde haired girl asked looking me up and down. She had a kind smile that made you want to instantly smile back.
"Yes and you are?" 
"Holly Stuart, nice to meet you," I shook her hand and watched as her face frowned in confusion.
"Something wrong?" I asked, smirking because I already knew what was the problem. 
"To be honest I wasn't expecting you to be dressed like that, I mean I can tell that your pretty if you took off the glasses and let your hair down but I just don't understand why your dressed like that," 
"I'm just having some fun embracing the good life," I spread my arms out wide, looking around. "And this is just the first step of ruining everything."
"Well then Lexi Dylan's I think me and you could become quite good friends," She grinned her eyes twinkling with excitement. "I've been looking for someone to have some fun with."
"If your willing to help me, then we will get along just fine." I smiled at her and linked my arm through hers as we made our way closer towards the school.
A/N
It's just the start so please don't judge to much. Vote and Comment :)
A/N-this is my first story, vote, comment, and enjoy the book! :D
"I pledge allegiance to the-" what the hell? Jackson as being the idiot himself, has his beanie on while we are saying the pledge of allegiance to this fine country of ours.
I turn behind me and see his blonde hair sticking out from the beanie. I give him the death glare. He knits his eyebrows at my glare, as if asking why I was glaring at his head. I point at his beanie and he rolls his eyes, knowing what I was meaning. He takes off his beanie and smiles, a few seconds later I feel something on my head. 
His beanie.
I suck in a breath and grab the beanie off my head and curl it into a ball. Holding it in my fist. I keep the wadded up beanie in my backpack so Jackson didn't get it afterwards.
We finish the pledge of Allegiance and take out seats.
 "Hey," Jackson says, tapping my shoulder.
I turn in my seat. "Yes Jackson?" I ask. 
He points at my bag. "Dude, give me my beanie back! Also my parents can only call me Jackson" 
I scoff. "Ahem, Jackson, what was that I heard?" 
He huffs, rolling his eyes. "Can I please have my beanie?"
I laugh, who does he think he is? "No, I am taking this to the prefects so they can get rid of it right away. No need for disrespect Jackson."
He sighs and turns back to his friends. I turn back around to see the wonders of science going on right now.
^*^*^*^*^*^*
"Mara! Over here!" I shout, patting my seat next to me. Mara, my best friend, takes a seat next to me.
Her black hair shines with a fluffy manor and she smiles brightly at me.
"So, I heard you and Jackson had a show in Science today," she smiles wickedly.
"Yes, we did." I say plainly, nothing else. She wiggles her eyebrows up and down.
Ever since the 3rd grade when Jackson asked me out and Mara was behind me going all match-maker. Every time we bring up Jackson, Mara will get this stupid-ass look on on her face and start staring at me, making it super awkward.
"What do you have now, Cupid?" I roll my eyes. She giggles.
"Tomorrow he will ask you to Jason's party on Friday," she says, laying her hand on the table, splaying out her manicured fingers.
"I see, so, Jackson, is going to ask me out to Jason's party, huh? Never going to happen Mara," she can be so fucking retarded sometimes.
Mara takes out her phone and squeals really loud. "What Mara?" I sound frantic. "What?!?"
Usually when Mara does that high pitched squeal she's either-A: Super Duper excited about something, B:
something really really terrible has happened or C: The new showing of Project Runway is on.
Mara does the squeal again. "Project Runway?" I ask. She shakes her head. Oh shit, it could be something bad.
"There is a future teller today at the mall!" she reads off her phone.
"Zorna, the future telling, lady, wi be coming to our mall from 10-2:00. She can tell anyone's future, near or far, fat or skinny, young or old."
I automatically shake my head. "No Mara I am not going with you."
She whines. "Why nooottt?" she gives me the big puppy eyes. Oh shit, not the big puppy eyes.
"Fine!" I blurt shoving my hand on my mouth, realizes what I had just said. She claps happily and gives me a quick hug.
"See you at 7:00!" She yells, running done the hall and tripping on a broom form the janitors closet. 
Oh god, I love her.
"Alright class," Mr. Arnold, my math teacher, lazily begins. "Today, I will be handing back those tests we took last week and I must say, most of the grades were terrible." He continues, rolling his eyes over my way. 
Okay, so I'll admit, I'm not the sharpest knife in the kitchen, nor am I the smartest and I completely show it. Pretty much every test I take I get below a C- and I've started to not expect anything more. I'm not capable of those kind of grades. 
People see me as the "good girl" but I was defiantly the opposite of good. I disobey everyone, couldn't give two flying fucks about school and love to live on the edge. Whenever someone uses that "good girl" stereotype on me, I just wanted to vomit all over them. 
Although, I am your typical dirty blonde, blue eyed girl with those really dorky/hipster glasses to help my basically blindness, but other than that, under my skin, I wasn't anything like my appearance. I'm mostly shy and anti-social at school but anywhere else, I was reckless. 
Mr. Arnold starts to pass out the tests while I'm mentally crossing my fingers for at least a C, but when he drops my paper the wooden surface of my desk, it says "F-". Welp, so much for finger crossing. 
The paper has, written in red ink, See me after class, Miss Monroe.  
This couldn't be good. 
The dismissal bell for the class rang and I hurried for the door but a strong, masculine voice over the small chatters of the school caused me to wince. Dammit, I've been caught. 
"Not so fast, Everly." Mr. Arnold crossed his arms looking quite upset. 
I pout before dragging myself over to his desk. 
"Oh! And Aries! A moment please?" Mr. Arnold called over to Ryland Aries, the bad boy/ man whore/ most cliche piece of shit ever, over to us. 
No, no, no, please! I beg to myself, praying through my closed eyelids, revealing darkness. Not him, anyone but him. But crossing my fingers, begging and praying seem to give no help whatsoever. 
I kind of figured that he called the bad boy over here to discuss terrible grades as well but oh my, how very wrong was I? Very. 
"What's up, Coach?" Ryland asks almost emotionless. 
Yeah, of course Ryland was the Baseball captain and of course Mr. Arnold was really "Coach" Arnold. Fml
"Aries, you're going to start tutoring Everly, here." I wince again at the sound of my name, feeling both the boys' stares on me. 
Wait just a damn second...
Ryland? The bad boy? And did Mr. Arnold just say tutor?! 
"No, no, Arnold. I don't need a damn tutor." I protest putting my hands up. 
"Watch your mouth, Miss Monroe." Mr. Arnold points his finger at me then turns in his spinning teacher chair, landing his finger Ryland. "As for you, Mr. Aries, you'll be tutoring Everly, here, for a grade." 
My jaw drops and, out of my peripheral vision, I think Ryland's does too. 
"Coach, I really need to focus on baseball."
"That's why you'll be tutoring her on Monday's, Wednesday's and Friday's, the days we don't have practice." Mr. Arnold speaks, rolling his eyes. "End of discussion, you two. Make it happen."
Mr. Arnold shews us away, gesturing his hand to the door. I walk with my head down, creating walls around my face with my silky hair. Ryland slightly brushes his hand against my shoulder. 
"So, I guess I'll see you after school. We'll meet at my house, I'll text you the address." Ryland rolls his eyes. 
"You don't even have my number." I state just as miserable as he is. 
"I'll manage." He smirks before walking away stuffing his hands deep into the pockets of his black skinny jeans, his black converse screech against the tile flooring. 
Hold on, I just need to process this. 
Sooooo....
Ryland, the bad boy, is actually smart? And, he's tutoring me? Some part of me feels like I should just go find a hole to die in while the other is telling me to be happy. At least I've got a chance to improve my grades. What am I kidding? I don't care about my grades. 
*Sigh*
~ 
I walk to the school parking lot and climb into my car when my phone buzzes. I was about to shut it off before heading home but a message lit up the screen. 
136 Roland Street 
Привет. Меня зовут Александра, мне мне 17 лет. Друзья меня зовут Аля.(на фото)На сегодняшний день я всё ещё живу в Самаре, но через пару дней мы переедем в Москву. Я не представляю как я буду без своих подруг; друзей; без парня в которого я по уши влюблена, но никак не могла в этом ему признаться! А теперь всё поезд ушёл....И теперь я его больше никогда не увижу!Ах, извините! Я совсем забыла рассказать о себе. Я обычная девчонка, у меня светлые волосы волосы по попу. У меня голубые глаза, достались от папочки) Мне очень нравится моя фигура; попа, грудь всё при себе! Мой рост 168, а вес 50 кг. Я учусь в 11 классе. Что я могу сказать ещё о себе....я спокойная, но если меня обидеть, то всё вам не жить. Очень сильно люблю скорость, машины, мотоциклы и адреналин. Так же я играю на гитаре и немного пою. Я состояла в 9 классе в школьной элите. Это продлилось меньше недели. Я просто увидела один раз как они обижали невинную девочку, и я конечно же вступилась за неё! После этого я попала в их список врагов. После этого я подружилась с той девочкой которую я защитила. Её звали Катя, я её звала Кэти. Вторая моя подруга была Кристина. я её знала детства. Я её звала Крис. Нас все называли святая троица, даже не знаю почему. (На фото с лева Кети, а с права Крис)
Моя мама Ангелина Петровна Миронова. Я её очень сильно люблю, она самая лучшая! У неё красивые карие глаза, красивая улыбка, волосы каштанового цвета по плечи. У мамы свои 13 магазинов.Мой папа Павел Васильевич Миронов. Он лучший! Как я и говорила раньше у меня его глаза. Я последнее время его вообще не вижу. Просыпаюсь он уже ушёл, когда засыпаю он приходит. У папы свой бизнес, он занимается нефтью и по этому часто задерживался из-за этого. (На фото мама и папа)
Okay, I've been getting complaints on how this story is similar to PLL. First of all, I'm not a PLL fan. And to sort out this problem, to assure all of you that I am indeed NOT trying to make this a cookie-cutter story that is run off of Aria and Ezra's relationship, I'm considering changing the story. 
But first let me point out that not only do I describe totally different characters (AKA their looks and apperances), There are also no events that are the same. I may NOT change it, because of all of the differences. There are only a few similarities. (Both have little brothers, have a blonde friend, ect.)
So if you see any changes, it's because of this little... disagreement. It should have nothing to do with PLL. So please don't compare them. Thanks. 
-Rainy
A drop dead gorgeous Gangster.
Heartless..
Proud of her achievements..
Not shy..
A bully..
A boastful person..
She can do whatever she wants.
She can go out at night..
Doing Car Racing..
And she can easily kill somebody if she wants..
She's a Ruthless Gangster..
Everybody is scared at her..
Everybody..
Even her co-gangsters,was scared of her..
"I'm the Queen. And whoever defies the Queen, DIES."
Her famous line says.
But.. how if this Queen change?
What if she became a NERD?!
A shy nerd..
A nerd that everyone in her school bully her..
A humble nerd..
A nerd who doesn't boast her achievements..
A nerd who's scared to everybody.
And her famous line says, "Please stop bullying me"
But.. as other people says, everbody has its limitations. How if this nerd was pushed to her limits, and bring back her old self? Would you still choose to bully her? Or would you prefer to bow down at her?
"Bow down to the queen, because I'm definitely back"
HEY FRIENDS
I'm so happy you're taking the time to read my story--I hope you enjoy it!
IF YOU COPY THIS BOOK WORD FOR WORD OR CHANGING THE LITTLEST THING ITS STILL PLAGIARISM. 
I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN IF YOU DO.
Please, if you see anyone else stealing my book, please tell me.
Okay, now let's get to the part you really wanna read. The story.
Jessica's POV:
Sex, everyone talks about it. When I say everyone, I mean everyone. I guess I'm what you may call "inexperienced." I've kissed a guy once. When I was in seventh grade. I think I was about thirteen? It was a dare too. I don't really count that either because I don't even like guys. I'm seventeen now, and tired of being me. Last week, I got a fake I.D. and tonight, I'm finally going to lose my virginity. No, this isn't another story about how I become a pregnant teen or anything, because like I said I'm a lesbian.
I actually think I look really hot tonight. I'm wearing a low cut black clingy t-shirt, and a short black skirt. I'm also wearing heels. My hair looks hot too. I have wavy hair, and well the color is hard to describe. It's not light brown, but it's not dark brown either. I guess it's just in the middle, my hair is long too. My eyes though, are just boring. They're just plain old brown.
My best friend Selena helped me pick out my outfit. She has an eye for this stuff. She's what everyone calls "hot." I do think she's beautiful. Like if she wasn't my best friend... Maybe I could see myself being attracted sexually to her. Anyways, I've known her since I was five. Yup, I met her in kindergarten and we hit it off right away. We've been best friends ever since. She was the first one I came out to. She accepted me right away. She's straight. Like she's boy crazy. Boys are crazy for her too. She has long, dark, straight, black hair. She has an amazing body, and she's tall. She has green eyes. They're stunning.
Anyways, enough about Selena and back to me. I've been told I have a nice body too. I'm slender, and tall too. I have a nice tan as well, which is always a plus. I don't even have to like lay out in the sun or go to a tanning booth, it's just natural.
I told my parents I was sleeping over at Selena's house. It's a Sunday night, and I would have gone out last night but I had to go over to my grandparent's house. I have school tomorrow but I don't really care. Tonight is the night, I can just feel it.
I had to walk all the way here from my house, which sucks, but the second I step onto what as known as "gay street" I can feel a totally different atmosphere. I feel like I can be myself. I'm out at school, and I'm hated for it. So I can't really be myself there. This street as known as "gay street" because this is where all the gays are. They have all the gay and lesbian bars here, and this is where they have gay pride every year.
I look around, and take in the sight. It's nice. I see a rainbow pride flag, and I see a bunch of couples kissing everywhere. I've never seen two girls or two guys kiss in person. This is my first time. In my neighborhood, and in my school, it's like a crime to be gay. Here, it's just so different.
I walk up to the club building. It's fairly large, and has the words "Illusion" written across the top. This club is supposedly the hottest lesbian club in my town. You can probably hear the music from like a mile away it's so loud.
I'm in line waiting to get in, and I can't tell you how nervous I am. My stomach is like doing cartwheels. Like can I even pass for twenty one? That's not the only reason I'm nervous either. I'm nervous to meet a girl. I'm nervous to even talk to a girl. God, I'm such a loser aren't I?
The girl in front of me shows her I.D. before heading inside. I'm next, and oh god maybe this was a huge mistake. I start to turn around to leave, before I hear a voice.
"I.D.?" The man says.
He's super tall, buff, and bald. The definition of scary. Like he could snap me in half like a twig if he wanted to.
"Here you g-go." I hand him my I.D. trembling.
He smiles and hands it back to me. "There you go."
Hey! Thanks for reading this and Celebrity Status and I really hope you enjoy Cross My Heart :P
For the first part of this, the chapters are going to be a little choppy and short, but it will get better once the story gets started, I promise :D
Oh, and the people who saw the "Help?!" chapter of Celebrity Status and gave me your name and stuff to be in the story, thank you! A lot more people did that than I expected, and I don't think I'll be able to include everybody, but I'll try my best. Some people will just be inspirations, like I'll use your name and youre personality, but not your description. It's not because I think you're ugly, I don't! You're beautiful, but it's just I had somebody already in mind for the cast for that person. Please, if I only use or description or just your personality, don't be offended.
So, in case you're wondering, this is what you guys think should happen:
1.) The title of the sequel? [Does anybody see a pattern with these?]C] Cross My Heart- 8 votes
2.) How should the sequel start?C] Graduation- 12 votes
3.) Who should Libby end up with?B] Jackson- 16 votes
4.)  How should the sequel end?D] Holly becoming famous- 16 votes
6.) And the biggest question out of everything!!! Who should Holly end up with?!a] Isaac- 0 votesb] Ryder- 13 votesc] Tommy- 1 voted] Kale- 17 votese] She should die alone- 0 votes
But just to be clear- this may or may not be how things end. I do know how the story is going to end, but these votes aren't necessarily true, this is just what was voted, but I"m not basing the story off of these votes entirely. So, just making that clear (:
Prologue 
“Why do you have to leave?” I ask my best friend, sadly, looking down at my hands.
He takes my hands in his. “Rayna, I just got offered a really big movie deal. I can’t miss it,” he says, softly.
“I know,” I respond, a single tear dripping down my face.
He wipes it away with the back of his hand and pulls me into a hug. I hug him back wordlessly, tightening my arms.
I can remember it like yesterday. When he told me he was moving, that he just got offered a big movie deal.
“Rayna!” Kyle calls, down the school halls. 
I slow down to a stop, looking behind me to find Kyle running at a really fast speed to get towards me.
I give him an amused smile, when he comes to a stop beside me. “Slow down there, cowboy.”
“Hardy ha-ha,” he rolls his eyes, but the smile on his face never falters. 
“What’s got you smiling?” I ask.
“I got the movie deal,” he exclaims, grinning like a mad-man.
I stare at him shocked. “Y-you what?” I sputter out. 
“I got the movie deal!” he laughs, but stops when he sees my expression. “Aren’t you happy?”
I give him a reassuring smile. “Of course I’m happy,” I assure him. “It’s just, are you moving?”
“About that,” he draws out and I instantly know that his next words are definitely not going to be reassuring. “I’m moving in two weeks to Los Angeles.”
I sigh into his shirt and the painful memories, tears leaking out of my eyes. “I’m going to miss you so much,” I choke back a sob.
He sighs, gripping my shirt. “We’ll talk, I’ll come and visit, it’ll be okay.”
“But you’re only sixteen,” I protest, pulling away. “You need to finish school.”
“Rayna, please,” he begs. “This is my dream.”
Yeah, it’s my dream too.
But of course I only responded with “I know.”
“Kyle, sweetie we’re leaving now,” Mamma Mac – Kyle’s mum – comes into the room. “Finish up your goodbyes.”
Mac gives me a sympathetic smile, before walking back out of the house.
“I’ll come to visit soon,” he promises.
I nod my head, hugging him one last time. He kisses my forehead, wrapping his arms around my waist tighter.
“Kyle!” his dad calls.
We pull away and together walk out the front of his house. Kyle grabs his suitcases and loads them into the car, while I wait on the front porch.
“Goodbye sweetie,” Mamma Mac coo’s pulling me into her bone-crushing hugs.
“Bye,” I say sadly.
“Cheer up,” she smiles. “We’ll come visit Ohio again and Kyle will call.”
I nod mutely, before she walks away.
David – Kyle’s dad – comes over to me and pulls me into a hug. “Bye kiddo, have a good one.”
I laugh, for the first time today. “Bye David.”
I see Kyle already situated in the back seat of his parents car. His parents get in and they drive off, waving frantically at me. I wave back, a small smile playing on my lips, before they disappear around the corner.
I keep waving, even though they can’t see me. When my arm gets tired, I turn around and walk down the path to my house, which are only three houses away from Kyle.
Not anymore, I think. He lives a billion houses away now.
************************
 It worked for the first few months. He’d call and text every day, telling me how his movie is going and how he’s going.
But slowly, over the next few months he’d only call a few times a week and then, he stopped calling and  and he wouldn’t answer my calls. 
*******************************************************************************************************************
This is my new story, yay! It will officially start updating either after begin again is finished or when I feel like starting it haha xD
Hope you all enjoyed that!
This lovely cover is made by @TheSkittles!
Vote, comment and add to your library! - Samara xx
THIS BOOK IS NOT COMPLETED AS IT WILL BE PUBLISHED IN OCTOBER 2016. FOR PUBLISHING PURPOSES, I WAS REQUIRED TO REMOVE SOME PARTS OF THE BOOK. ALL DETAILS ON THE PUBLICATION ARE ON THE  'SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT' CHAPTER OF THIS BOOK. THANK YOU!
All rights reserved. No part of this work may be used or reproduced in any manner without permission of the author. This book is a work of fiction -- names, characters, places and incidents are either products of author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from the author. 

Fall 2011,
"Can we buy some chocolates?"
"No," I stated, crouching down to look at my ten year old sister. "You ate the whole candy floss for  yourself. No more candies for today." 
"Please.." Sophie pouted.
My little sister looked like any ten-year old girls would look like; she had dark brown hair, and blue eyes like my dad, and she was the kind of person who people really couldn't help falling in love with. 
She just kept looking at me with her pair of infamous puppy eyes that everyone would eventually fall for. 
Everyone but me. "No, Sophie. You can't." I told her once again. 
She grumbled, crossing her arms to her chest. "Whatever. Aaron will buy me some when he gets here," she said, looking away from me.
"If he ever gets here." I sighed, rolling my eyes. It'd been two hours of waiting, and there was still no sign of my ungrateful brother. It was bad enough I never had a cell phone, nor could I remember his phone number.
He didn't forget about us, did he?
So here I was, standing with my sister at the airport with our luggage, and I was wearing one of those lost person expressions.
I looked around, chewing my nails nervously. My feet were shifting uneasily. I really didn't know what  would do if he forgot to pick us today. 
The day was beautiful — the sun was shining brightly, typical Florida weather, and the sky streaked with red, pink and gold. At least the weather cheered me up a bit, even though it was warm compared to Lenoir. 
Growing up in a small village, where there were days when you couldn't just see the sun, Florida was a huge change for me. 
I circled around like an idiot, hoping my brother would show up anytime soon. Should I tell somebody about this? What if Aaron never showed up? What was I supposed to do? It was not like I've been here before  — heck, I've never actually been twenty miles away from Lenoir. 
"Ellie! Sophie!"
I heard a familiar voice from behind, so I turned around, and sighed in relief the moment I saw him . A tall, well-built guy, wearing a light blue T-shirt, and a pair of green, army shorts was standing a few feet away from me. 
He's got the same hair shade as ours; dark brown, only it was much shorter than mine. He was smiling brightly, and he looked like he was going to explode anytime soon. 
"Aaron!" Sophie squealed, and she immediately ran towards the guy whom I'd recognized as my brother. Aaron crouched down, and pulled my little sister into a big, hearty hug. 
"Hey, little sissy," Aaron said, ruffling her hair. "Did you miss me?"
"Of course I missed you!" Sophie chattered, and Aaron grinned at her. He got up to his feet again, and his eyes met mine. 
"Eleanor Breakfast is ready" my brother yelled from the kitchen as I slipped my phone into my blue skinny jeans and I fixed my shirt that had the batman symbol on it up and slipped on my glasses.
"Coming" I yelled back as I slipped into my black vans and chucked my hair in a ponytail before I ran down to the kitchen to see a bowel of cereal place at the end of the bench as I sat down on the black stool.
"Morning bro" I said smiling as I began eating my food.
"Morning sis" he said turning to face me as I smiled at him and he returned the smile what a nice brother. My brother is a year older than me but he got kept down a year so he goes to school with me. He has light brown hair that is quiffed up the top with bright blue eyes like the sky. 
"So after school dad wants us to help him you okay with that?" He asked as I nodded because I had food in my mouth so I couldn't talk or it would go everywhere and I would have to clean it.
"Good oh and dad needs to talk to you as well" he said as I nodded and finished of the last bit of my cereal before I hopped off the stool and walked around to place it in the dishwasher.
"Let me go brush my teeth then we can go for school" I said as he nodded and sat down on the stool I was previously sitting at as I ran up to the bathroom and grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste as I began to brush my teeth. Once I finished I ran back down to the kitchen to see my brother holding my bag as I grabbed it off him and smiled.
"Thanks come on" I said as I grabbed my keys and so did he as we walked out of the house and locked up before we both walked to our cars and hopped in. My car was a little yellow Toyota Yaris while my brother had a red Holden HSV. I pulled out of the driveway first then him before we both drove off to school man I hated that place it's like a prison for kids. I turned on the radio but nothing good was on so I just turned it off and had a silent drive to school. Once I got their I saw my friends all around Jasper's car as I parked next to him and turned off my car and grabbed my bag before hopping out. I have three best friends the first one is Jasper he has blond hair and Hazel eyes, then theirs Wyatt he has chocolate brown hair and brown eyes and lastly their is Ivy she has big dark blue eyes and her hair is ombré its blond up the top but goes to dark brown down the bottom it suits her every well.
"Hey El you ready for another day of tourcher?" Wyatt asked as I locked my car and walked over to them and smiled.
"No but we have to till we graduate" I said as they all agreed.
"We'll get going inside" Jasper said as we nodded and began walking into the massive brick building that we call a school. People looked at us but I mean you walk through that door and everyone will look at you it doesn't matter if your new here or old. We split off to our lockers and I walked with Ivy to ours before we grabbed our books out for today and put them in our bags as the bell rung and we walked to home room. 
_*_*_
The first two classes where the utmost boring classes ever Math and History. I hated them more that Brussel sprouts and that's saying something. I mean for maths we have calculators and computers to do the math for us and History thats in the past we don't need it we are going to the future not the past and there all dead anyway so who cares. Anyway it was lunch and I was sitting at my groups table waiting for Wyatt and Jasper. My brother has his own friends and I have mine even though if we pass each other we will say the occasional 'hi' or high five but that's in. Soon Wyatt and Jasper came and took a seat as I smiled at the both of them and so did Ivy.
"Hey El you busy this afternoon?" Jasper asked as I nodded remembering that I was helping my dad and that he wanted to talk to me.
"Yeah sorry gotta help the father" I replied as he smiled and nodded.
N a k e d C u d d l i n g
Picture this. It's 2am and you're minding your own business, pleasuring yourself with the lights on and blinds up for once. It's not like you do it everyday, just this once cause your friend asked you to try this new 'technique'. You're just about to complete when you hear a gasp of surprise and a loud click, followed by a flash.
Yup, your neighbour just got a picture of you working your magic.
Sounds unlikely, doesn't it? But it happened to Abigail Joseph and her annoying neighbour Atticus Beckett cannot get enough of it. Atticus is all for sharing the picture with the world, but with Abigail's good girl reputation on the line, she's ready to do whatever it takes to get the bad boy to delete the picture from his phone, even if it means agreeing to a pact that might as well change her life forever.
Join Abigail and Atticus through their journey of self discovery, mutual confusion, a tinge of friendship and maybe even a spark of love.
Maybe this good girl isn't all that good.And just maybe this player can bring out her worst.
**************A bit of innocence and a bit of fun ;)
**************
Jesus. This couldn't be happening to me. Why did it have to happen to me? My heart rate sped up as the tension in the air grew. From the corner of my eye I saw Austin clench his fist and Evan cross his arms.
Standing in the middle of our dorm room was the one person who still had my heart even though I didn't want to admit it. His familiar dark blue eyes bore into mine over Austin and Evan's shoulders and the sun hit his bronze hair just right. 
"Jason?" I spoke up first. I shoved through my two bodyguards and my mouth fell open. "What are you doing here?" I asked. Was he really here? Am I going crazy? Am I seeing things?
"This is my dorm room. What are you doing here?" He asked and raised an eyebrow at Evan and Austin before leaning into me. "And with Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum?" His warm breath tickled my ear causing goosebumps to form. 
I bit back a laugh as he pulled away. His eyes held humor in them and I felt the familiar fluttering in my stomach as I watched a small grin break out on his face. "Uh, they're my roommates and this is our dorm," I nervously chuckled. "Funny huh?" 
"I don't think so," Austin gritted out and narrowed his eyes at Jason. "We're not staying here." He declared. 
I rolled my eyes at my brother's idiotic idea. "We don't have anywhere else to go, Austin." Evan finally spoke up.
"That's right, Austin. You heard what that guy said downstairs. Everything is full on campus and we don't have money to go to an off campus dorm." 
"Just stay away from me and Dallas." Austin spat. 
"That's pretty hard to do seeing as how we're all stuck in this dorm," Jason remarked as Austin went past him. "Idiot." 
"So what are the sleeping arrangements?" Evan questioned and set a hard look in Jason's direction. 
"Dallas is sleeping with me," Austin shoved into Jason's shoulder as he walked back. "You're with Jason, Evan. Now come help me bring in our shit." The door slammed behind him and Evan followed with a sigh. 
"You coming?" He asked and looked between Jason and I. 
"I'll be right there," I answered. He gave me a wary look and I gave me a reassuring smile. "I promise." 
He nodded without another word and left the dorm, leaving Jason and I in a tense silence. I shuffled my feet and peeked at Jason from under my eyelashes. 
"So," I started. Jason ran his fingers through his hair and for a second I wished I could do that. I shook my head and snapped myself back into reality. "Just ignore my brother." 
He shrugged and gave me an indifferent look. "I know. I've had enough practice." 
"True," I answered. "This should be fun huh?" I nervously laughed. Something I found myself doing a lot more lately. 
"Oh yeah, lots of fun. Reminds me of football camp," he smirked. "At least this time I'll know why there's tampons in the garbage." 
My face turned red in embarrassment and I felt my heart speed up. "Oh my god," I mumbled to myself and his my face in my hands. "I thought I hid everything." 
"It wasn't until after you helped me that night I was drunk and we were being civil towards each other. You didn't rat me out to the coaches so I wasn't gonna rat you out to the guys."
"Even though you wanted to I'm sure." I laughed and stuck my hands in my back pockets.
He smirked and shrugged one shoulder. "Definitely," he stared at me and a look of hurt flashed across his face and disappeared just as fast. "You better go help your brother and friend before they come looking for you." He said and walked past me. 
"Where are you going?" I asked. Gosh I sounded so desperate. 
"Out of the line of fire. I already brought my stuff up so I'll just walk around so you guys can get settled in. See you later." The door shut softly behind him, leaving me swimming in my jumbled thoughts. 
I walked out after him and went downstairs where I ran into Austin and Evan bringing up boxes. "What took you so long?" Austin grunted as he lifted another box. 
"I had to take a dump." I rolled my eyes. God, he thought he had to know everything. He was such a pain in the ass sometimes. 
"That was too much information for me." He shuddered. I shrugged and glared at him. "You asked, nimrod." 
"Here," Evan said and dumped a box of my stuff in my hands. He leaned in close. "Try not to make things worse. Austin is already pissed and I don't feel like filling out a statement for battery."
I rolled my eyes. "It won't be for battery. It'll be for homicide by the time I'm done with him." 
An hour later we were done bringing our stuff upstairs and currently unpacking. Austin's side of the room was already messy just like it was at home while mine was neatly packed away. If I was someone else I'm sure I would've told Austin to pack his shit and leave for being so damn messy. 
I walked through the sitting area and into Evan's room. Jason's cologne hit me in the face and I found myself automatically inhaling it. God, I missed that smell. 
"All done?" I asked Evan to snap myself out of it. I sat down on his bed and watched the muscles in his back bunch up as he lifted a box. 
"Almost," he grunted as he turned around. "What about you guys?" He asked. 
"Almost. Austin's side already looks like shit." I rolled my eyes. We started laughing until Jason walked into the room. 
I bit my lip and watched the two boys. They briefly looked at each other until Evan nodded at him. "What's up man?" He asked and continued unpacking his stuff. 
When Jason saw that Evan wasn't a threat to him he relaxed a bit. "Not much man. There's a party tonight at some frat house if you guys wanna go." 
"Sounds good. You wanna go, Dallas?" 
"Sure," I shrugged and briefly looked at Jason who was now lounging on his bed. "I don't have anything else to do." 
"Great. Tell your brother about it too."
"Tell me about what?" Austin asked as he stepped into the room. I saw Jason tense up, heard Evan sigh, and noticed Austin clench his fists. The amount of testosterone in this room just went up into the stratosphere and my was choking the shit out of me. 
"There's a party tonight at a frat house that we're all going to." 
"Dallas too? She doesn't do parties," Austin scoffed. 
My face burned with embarrassment as he started laughing to himself. He made me seem like such a loser just because I didn't drink or go to parties like he did. 
"Well I'm going to this one!" I snapped at him. My tone cut off his laughing and he gave me a hard look. "No you're not." 
"Like hell I am!" I shot up from the bed. "Stop treating me like a child!" I yelled.
"Well stop acting like one, Dallas!" 
"You guys stop!" Evan said and stood between the both of us. "Keep it up and we'll get kicked out of here." 
"Fine. Go to the party, Dallas. But when your ass gets drunk or some guy hits on you don't come to me about it." Austin walked off and Evan let out an aggravated sigh before walking off. 
"Some brother you got there." Jason replied from his spot on his bed. He was so quiet during the small argument I forgot he was there. 
I kept my back to him so he didn't see my eyes water up. "Yup. That's some brother of mine."
xxx
And so the madness begins! I've missed these characters since I finished the first part.  Looks like Austin is still an asshole and Dallas still has feelings for Jason. 
Merry Christmas you guys! I hope everyone has a good Christmas and fantastic New Years with your friends and families. 
Vote and comment my lovely readers!
Prologue:
"Please stay. Don't leave me. Trust me, it's not what I meant."
"Bakit ikaw? Did you trust me enough na hindi kita lolokohin? I have no choice but to do this. One day, you'll know my reasons."
"Please, Stay. May tiwala ako sayo pero wala akong tiwala sakanila.."
"Then it's not enough. I won't stay. So stop wasting your tears."
"Please stay. Don't ever leave. Please. Sabihan mo lang ako, paniniwalaan naman kita eh. Just stay. Please!"
"I. Don't. Love. You. Anymore. Savannah."
"Stop pretending please.."
*3 years later*
ALAM KONG NASAKTAN KO SIYA DAHIL SA PAG-IWAN KO SAKANYA. PERO MAY DAHILAN 'YUN. I LOVE HER AND I CAN'T LEAVE HER EASILY. ALL I CAN DO FOR NOW IS JUST TO WAIT FOR THE RIGHT TIME TO TALK TO HER AND TELL HER THE TRUTH.
Savannah's POV
Nagising ako na nasa kamay ang cellphone ko. Nakatulugan ko pala ang pangangamusta sa Facebook wall ni Xander. Nag-inat-inat ako at napaisip kung gising na kaya siya? Pumasok kaya siya ngayon? Kumain ba siya? Maganda ba ang umaga niya? Binuksan ko ang cellphone ko at tinignan ang picture ni Xander, kailan kaya kami ulit magkikita? O magkikita pa kaya kami? Wala pa rin talagang pinagbago ang itsura niya. Mas lalo siyang gumwapo ngayon. Iniisip ko kung iniisip rin ba niya ako katulad ng pag-isip ko sakanya.. 
Tatlong taon na ang nakakalipas pero di ko pa rin naiintindihan ang mga nangyari dati. Katulad ng biglang pagbabago niya. Ng pag-iba ng turing niya sa akin. Hanggang ngayon, naghihintay ako ng mga explanasyon niya. Pero wala pa rin. Hindi pa rin kami nagkikita ulit. Minsan, iniisip ko kung magkikita pa kami o hindi na. 
I'm Savannah 'Sab' Gonzales. 19 years old. Graduating student from Stewart University owned by my uncle. Nasa Amerika na ang mga magulang namin. And 'namin' means, I'm not alone in this house.. I have two brothers. Two older brothers. Sila lagi ang tinatakbuhan ko kung may problema ako. They always make me feel like I'm their princess. Nasa Amerika sila Mom & Dad, I know that they're doing it for us. I know that they're keeping our businesses alive for the sake of our future. Pero pag may mga event at kailangan sila doon, they never fail being always there. They find time for business and time for the family. Kaya thankful ako kay Lord na mayroon akong mapagmahal na pamilya. 
At dahil puyat ako, at medyo nahihilo pa ako.. Di na ako nag-abala pang mag madali humabol sa pagpasok. Isa pa, wala rin akong gana pumasok. Habang nakahiga, busy pa rin ako sa paghahalungkat sa Facebook wall niya. At bumagal ang pag-scroll ng makita ang picture namin.... DATI. Kasunod nun ang iba pang mga pictures namin na pinost niya DATI. Nang matapos alalahanin ang mga picture na 'yon ay tinaas ko ulit papunta s mga recent posts na kung saan ang mga picture dati na kasama ako, solo na lang siya o kaya'y kasama ang ate o mama niya sa mga picture. 
Sa tuwing makikita ko ang mga old pictures namin, iniisip ko, siguro kung hindi ako basta nagpadala sa emosyon ko ng basta basta, siguro magkasama pa rin kami. Hindi ko na nga alam kung kelan kami nag-usap ng matagalan. Hindi ko din alam kung inaalala niya ako katulad ng pag-alala ko sa kanya. Kahit sa chat, isi-seen lang niya o minsan di na niya tinitignan. At di na katulad dati na, siya lagi ang mauunang mag-message sakin. Ngayon, kung di ko pa siya ime-message, di niya makikita ang mga last messages ko sa kanya. Minsan tinanong ko siya kubg bakit di man lang niya matignan agad yung mga messages ko sakanya. Ang sagot lang niya ay "sorry, may ginagawa kasi ako eh".. Kahit na sa loob loob ko, gusto ko siyang tanungin kung bakit nagbago na lahat, kung bakit iba na siya. At marami pang iba na hindi ko naman masabi dahil iniisip ko, may karapatan ba akong mag-reklamo? 
Sa tingin ko, wala. Dahil feeling ko, wala na kaming closeness o kahit friends lang. Wala na. Feel ko parang normal na friend lang niya ako sa Facebook and none other than that. Kasi kahit hanggang sa chat, parang di ko na siya makausap. Wala na ba talaga kahit small chance lang na magkita kami at magkausap ulit? Dahil sa tutuusin lang, kahit may mga crush ako sa school namin, walang nabago sa feelings ko sa kanya... I miss you, Alexander James Andréson. 
•••|||•••
The One That Got Away.
Written by: catxxroses
Original story by: catxxroses
Take note: This story is nothing personal. And enjoy the first part :) I don't push you to read it, I just wanna create a story here. But if you like it, please enjoy reading the story. Vote for it also and please, please be patient for the new updates of the story. Thank you! :)
- catxxroses 
I Like Your Batman Underwear
Chapter One: Maxxie
 
        Bruce Wayne; by day he was a normal guy, by night he was a crime fighting Batman. I wished that I was just like him. Who didn’t? He was a billionaire, co-owner of a company, and always looked out for others. He was my hero, my idol.
          I was far from achieving my goal of being like him, though. I was in the eleventh grade, with pale blonde hair and bright cornblue eyes framed by huge black glasses. I was pasty from always being cooped up indoors. While most guys are spending their time outside, I usually spend every minute of every day inside reading comic books or computer games. If I were to be like Bruce Wayne, a miracle would have to happen.
          Suddenly, a loud high-pitched noise broke through my thoughts. I cringed as it sounded again. I turned my head in the direction of Coach Hendersen. He kept on blowing his little red whistle, causing his wrinkly bald head to look as if it were expanding.
       “Come on you sissies!” he shouted. “Keep moving!”
         I wheezed along the track, my feet slapping against the dirt. My best friend Brian panted beside me, his pudgy face turning red with every stride. I could see sweat threatening to drip down his round nose. Just looking at him made me feel as if I were about to pass out.
         “One more lap, you girls!” Coach yelled.
         I groaned and urged my legs to keep going. My feet felt like weights yet my knees were like Jell-O. I wished that I had a grappling hook or something so I could be swept away from here.
         Brian and I finally finished our lap. The other kids in our P.E. class chuckled but didn’t say anything. Coach gave Brian and me a sideways glance before turning to the entire class. His beady black eyes darted from face to face.
         “Alright you guys,” he shouted. “We’re going to start our football unit. You all know how to play football and if you don’t you’re un-American! Does everyone know how to play football?”
         We all nodded.
         “Good! Now, I’m going to split you up into shirts and skins.”
         My stomach churned. Coach Hendersen always put Brian and I on the skins team. It was just another way to make the non-athletic kids feel bad about our body image.
         “Alright! Listen up! On shirts I want Brody, Parker, Jace, Evan, and Sam! On skins I want Brian, Anthony, Dylan, Marco, and Max!”
         The shirts team laughed. As we passed them, they shoved us with their shoulders. I sighed and ripped my shirt off, throwing it onto the sidelines. The rest of my team was absolute terrible. We had Brian the chubby kid, Anthony the manorexic, Dylan the chess team leader, Marco the scrawny Italian boy and of course me the geeky in-the-closet-gay boy.
 Hello, everyone! 
This is my new story, a little bit different than what I usually write, but I hope you'll like it.
Please comment so I can know what you think about it, just be respectful on your comments because, for a writer, some comments can be harsh. It didn't happen to me but I see some comments on other stories and I feel sorry for the writer. So, please, tell me your thoughts but in a nice way. :)
Don't forget to vote! I'll upload sooner if I get votes so don't forget to click on that little box on the right and make a writer happy!
Enjoy :D
Dylan --------------------------------------------------->
Chapter 1
Being the new girl was never easy. All the stares, the whispers of hundreds of students, the mocking glances of others girls at your hair or clothes could either make you scream or make you run. The first step I took into the school was enough to attract everyone's attention. Cringing from all of those stranger's judging glances, I walked quickly to the office. Opening the door slowly, I walked in the cozy looking office, approaching the wooden counter and adressed the midle aged woman behind it.
"Excuse me." I called, nervously.
The brunette woman looked up, flashing me a gentle smile.
"Hello dear, are you the new student?"
"Yes, I'm Dylan Pearce." I answered, pulling the long sleeves of dark blue cardigan. I saw a girl leaving the Principal's office. She looked up at me and gave me a smug look while snickering. I avoided her eyes immediately, looking down at my outfit. My skinny jeans, cream colored shirt and dark cardigan looked nice, paired with my brown, low heeled boots. I had hazel eyes and a mass of wild and wavy brown hair that I managed to tame that morning. I had thought I looked nice but, obviously, I was wrong since the girl spared me one more mischievous grin before leaving. I shook my head and ignored her, I knew that I would be receiving those glances all day, it was a part of being the new girl.
The voice of the lady caught my attention.
"Well, this is your schedule and school map. If you have any doubts, please come here and I'll explain anything you need." She said, pushing the papers towards me.
"Thank you." I said quietly before grabbing the papers and exiting the office.
Sighing, I stopped on the busy hall to check my schedule. After a quick look at my map, I was pretty sure I could find my math class. It took me five minutes to find the classroom, right as the bell went off. I walked to the teacher's desk and told him who I was. The bald and chubby teacher glanced at me with bored blue eyes and told me to take a seat. Fortunately, he didn't ask me to introduce myself to the class, that was something I couldn't do without making a fool of myself.
My strides were fast as I tried to avoid the eyes of the students that were watching my every move. It was nerve racking and I was already nervous enough. I took a seat near the window and pulled my book from my bag. Without looking at any of my new classmates, I buried my face in the book and focused my attention on Mr.Carter, who was going to start the lesson by making a review of the previous class.
It was hard but I managed to ignore most the rude stares and loud whispers of all the students that were looking at me during the entire class. They commented my clothes, my hair, my name, my family and even my level of 'hotness'. I couldn't keep myself from glaring at my book when I heard that, they were just obnoxious. However, I had actually learned something new in that class, after successfully ignore the students. Mr. Carter gave us homework and dismissed us. I quickly got up from my seat and walked to my next class: English.
Chapter 1: One Hell of a Night
Aria Evans
We were currently at dinner. Dad was discussing his usual business job over the phone while my mother typed on her computer quite furiously in concentration. 
That left my grandma to give her flirtatious glances at my best friend, making both of us quite uncomfortable.
This was how dinner time usually was. I was grateful when Dylan would join us, or else this would've been more awkward than it already was. 
Dylan moved uncomfortably when my grandma winked. 
Oh my god.
Dylan grumbled as he coughed and stood up abruptly, grabbing the attention of both my parents. 
He smiled, as he nodded softly at them.
Grandma attracting best friend say what?
My mom smiled glancing at Dylan and then at me.
Oh this should be good. 
I intercepted, giving him the 'you lying bastard' look. He smirked big, informing me with his eyes to go along to whatever he was about to say
Mom gave me a quizzical look while dad grunted, returning back to his phone call. 
Smiling, I shrugged.
Dylan nodded apologetically while mom sighed.
And it was that easy.
sometimes I thought I actually needed parenting. But then I look at Dylan, whose parents were happily married with three children who they gave their undivided attention to and I think I'm doing one hell of a good job raising myself.
Because Dylan was one weird potato.
With that being said, I led myself outside the front door to Dylan's blue Subaru. She was Dylan's baby named Auburn. He named his car a totally different color than what the car's color actually was. 
WARNING: This story does contain mature content. It contains violence, bad language, sexual, and drug references. So please know this before you read. I will try to tone it down as much as possible though so it doesn't get too x-rated. So i do hope that you give it a chance and I hope you like it. Leave your thoughts in the comment box and don't forget to vote.
Lay Me Down
 
I lay there, lifeless. Every time I did this it felt like I would leave my body and come back once it was over. I closed my eyes trying to pretend that it wasn't happening. That's what I always did but it never really worked. I felt his hot breath on my neck as he panted. He moved above me up and down up and down he went. He grunted as he grabbed my legs and spread them wider and pushed them higher. I winced as I wasn't very flexible. He thrust in to me once twice more before he finished and rolled off of me. I pulled the covers above me and sat up. I watched as the man, a man I never met before. A man I had never seen retrieved his clothes and put them on. He dug in his pocket and pulled out his wallet.
"You were great" he said throwing a one-hundred dollar bill on the bed. He walked out. I got up locked the door and headed into the bathroom. I turned on the faucet and pulled the lever for the shower. I climbed in and the pellets of hot water collided against my skin. I would never do this again. I always told myself. I'm going to stand up to her and him and not do this anymore. Who was I kidding if I even stood up to her; I could definitely not stand up to him. We needed the money also. School was starting and if I ever wanted to leave this place class fees would need to be paid. Who was I kidding? I asked myself again. This was my life. This was me.
I woke up feeling groggy. The numerous clients that my mom and Keith had put on me last night had me feeling exhausted. I was so tired and I felt drained.  I let out a yawn and rubbed my eyes as I got out of the bed. It wasn't my bed because it was shared amongst others when the time came. It was pretty late and I needed to get out of the house before Keith or my mom woke up. School was my way of getting away. If I wasn't at school, I was at home having sex with guys for money. So I did my best in school, in hopes that I would get a big scholarship and get away from this god forsaken place.  
I sat down on my bed and reached down to tie my shoes. I opened my window and climbed out jumping down onto the car port and onto the ground. I grabbed my book bag from behind the house and I began my walk to school.
I reached school just in time, the bell had just rang signaling that school was about to start. I walked a little faster speeding to my class trying to get there on time. I could not get another tardy, because that meant suspension, and suspension meant staying at home, and staying at home meant..... Ugh I didn't even want to think about it. I reached the class just in time and sat down in my desk which was isolated in the back of the classroom. I had no friends, maybe a few enemies, but no friends. I wouldn't even have enemies if people minded their own business and didn't worry about me at all. For instance Drew, he didn't like me much and the only reason was that he was used to girls falling at his feet but when it came to me I wasn't interested at all, but that didn't stop him from trying. First of all I never acknowledged anyone who took the time to get to know me, because eventually they would learn about what went on at my house and who knew what they would do after they found out about my life.
Then there was Holly and her best friend Tammy. We all used to be friends but once the things at home started. I kind of separated myself from them. They were pretty mad at me which I can't blame them for, but that was like four years ago. Get over it and stop spreading shit around about me that isn't even true.
Başladık mı yeni bir hikayeye daha, tamamdır... Aslında bu hikayenin olup olmadığı  hakkında kafamda çok soru vardı ama kötü olunca asmıyorlar sonuç olarak. Neyse ben gidiyim o halde... İyi okumalar...
                                                               --
'Abi' karşısındaki gözlerinin içine bakan adamla derin bir nefes alıp başını sağa sola salladı.
'Ece ile konuştum akşam bizdesiniz' demesi ile sakince başını salladı adam. Hep kederli ve düşünceli bir hali vardı. Bu hiç kimsenin gözünden kaçmıyordu ama soracak cesaretleri de yoktu.
'İyi misin abi sen?'
'İyiyim' diyerek bilgisayarına gözlerini geri çevirdiğinde Aras başı ile onay verip çıkmıştı dışarı. Vuslat anında kravatını gevşetip başını geriye attı. İçine çöken bambaşka birşey vardı, ilk kez korkuyu tadıyordu çocukluğundan bu yana. Sanki her an kıyamet kopacakmışcasına daralıyordu yüreği. Kapısının sesi ile başını düzeltip içeri giren sekratere baktı.
'Vuslat bey, müşterileri toplantı salonuna aldık' sakince başını sallayıp ayağa kalkmıştı Vuslat. Gevşettiği kravatı düzeltip odasının çıkışına ilerlediğinde Aras ve Eymen'in de aynı istikamete yürüdüğünü görerek yakasını düzeltmişti bu kezde. Toplantı odasına girip içerdekileri kontrol ettiğinde eksik olmadığını anlayarak kapıyı kapatıp müşterilerle el sıkışmıştı.
'İsterseniz başlayabiliriz Ragıp bey' diyerek keskin bakışlarını adama çevirdiğinde adam memnuniyetle başını sallayıp gülümsediğinde Vuslat bakışlarını projektör ve bilgisayar yanındaki Derya'ya çevirmişti. Kız sunumu başlatmış, adım adım anlaşmayı anlatmış, bütçeden bahsetmişti.
Sonunda ışıklar açılınca Vuslat oturuşunu düzeltip derin bir nefes aldı. İçindeki sıkıntı git gide büyürken bu iş hakkında bir problem çıkmasını istemiyordu.
'Anlaşmayı hazırlayalım Vuslat bey. Sizinle iş yapmak bizim için onurdur' ayağa kalkan Ragıp bey ile Vuslat'ta derin bir nefes almış ve ayağa kalkmıştı. El sıkışıp onları gönderdiklerinde Ece anında Vuslat'ın yanına ulaştı.
'Vuslat iyi misin?'
'İyiyim ben, işinize bakın' diyerek o da toplantı odasını terk ettiğinde içeride şaşkın yüzler kalmıştı.
'Ne oluyor yine?' Derya'nın konuşması ile Eymen omuz silkmişti sadece.
'Adam kendi sesizliğinde boğulacak, bazen arkadaşımız değil de müşterimiz gibi hissediyorum' Aras'ın yorumuna Ece başı ile onay vermişti. Onlarda dosyaları toplayıp çıktığında asansöre ilerleyen adama baktılar.
'Kesin bir olay var, altıdan önce şirketten çıkmazdı' Eymen'in cümlesi ile asansörün gelmesi ve Vuslat'ın gözden kaybolması bir olmuştu.
Şirketin otoparkına inip direk arabasına yerleşerek hızla kravatını çıkarıp gömleğinin iki düğmesini açmıştı adam. Hırsla direksiyon simidine yumruk geçirip gözlerini kapatarak alnını dayadı.
'Ne oluyor lan!' diyerek tekrar bağırıp bir kaç kez daha vurduğunda içindeki daralmanın çekilip gittiğini fark etti. Uzun zamandır kimse bulaşmamıştı Vuslat'a. Gücü çoğu zaman ona iyi gelirken şimdi kimseyi hırpalayamadığı için her şey üzerine geliyor gibi hissediyordu. Sessizliğini bozmak istemiyordu. Arabayı çalıştırıp evinin yolunu tuttuğunda erken çıktığı için şükür etti. Bir kaç saat daha dursa trafiğe denk gelecek ve suçu günahı olmayan adamlardan sinirini çıkaracaktı.
Adalet onun için yediği ekmek, içtiği su, aldığı nefes olmuştu. Elini masum bir çocuğun kanına asla bulaştırmamış, eline düşen suçluları bile en az iki kez araştırmıştı. Tamamen emin olduktan sonra ceza veriyordu ve gerekiyorsa bunlar çok ağır cezalar oluyordu. O Vuslat Kasırga'ydı. İsminin sessizliğinde büyük afetler yaratır ve ortalığı darma duman ederdi. Ormanın içindeki evin önüne arabayı park edip indi. Korumalara göz attığında hepsinin yerli yerinde olması işine gelmişti. Kapıdaki korumanın kapıyı açması ile içeri girip odasına yöneldi direk. Takım elbisesinden kurtulup siyah eşortman altını giydikten sonra vücudunu esneterek zemin kata indi. Isınma hareketlerini yaparken bir yandan da ellerine siyah sargıları sarmış ve kum torbasının önüne gelmişti.  Yumruklarını karşısında kendine ihanet etmiş biri var gibi indirirken kısık ve keskin gözlerle odaklanmıştı.
Does this chapter deserve a vote and/or comment?
Please don't copy my book! I have put a lot of effort and time into it, and I would hate it if someone took credit on something I worked hard on and care about.
Thanks for trying out my book! I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!
I <3 you all!!!
***
Two and a half years ago
"Skye, we're really disappointed in you." my dad said, staring outside as he drove. His hands were on the steering wheel, and he was gripping it so tightly, that his knuckles turned white.
I sighed and hung my head. "Mom, Dad, I already told you. I'm sorry. I'll pay for the bail myself."
"Oh, you better, young lady!" My mom screeched in her annoyingly high pitched voice that always made me wince from the pain that came from my ear. "Getting arrested- I can't believe you did that, Skye!"
I looked to my side and saw my older sister looking at me with a smirk on her face. Her eyes shone with smugness and hate. I gave her my best and deadliest glare and then turned my head to look outside, watching the cars and trees go by.
"Skye, do you know how much you have ruined your future? You have ruined your chances for a college, blah, blah, blah..." I tuned out my mom's screechy voice and continued staring outside, numbly.
"SKYE! ARE YOU EVEN LISTENING TO ME?" I heard her screech.
"Yup," I resonded, bored.
"Oh my god, I can believe I gave birth to this piece of sh*t!" I heard her screech. I just ignored her and stared outside.
"Well, I didn't want to be born to a slut either. I guess things that we both didn't want happening happened to us," I retorted, but immediately wished I didn't say it. I didn't feel bad about saying it -it was true, my mom was a slut- but I knew that this wasn't the time to talk back to my parents. Not after what I had done.
"Oh my god!!" Mom shrieked, being over dramatic, as usual.
"Don't you dare talk about my wife like that, young lady," Dad roared. I rarely saw him angry, so I always felt bad when he was. For my mom... well, she was a completely different story.
"You know it's true!" I screamed to both of them. Anger and rage were fueling my body.
Dad turned away from the road to look at me and yelled, "You-"
And that was the day my life changed completely.
Alice Avery lives in a society where every girl must wear mini skirts and unbelievably high heels. Where girls are bimbos and guys are Greek Gods. So how does a tomboy fit in this situation? And where are the bad boys? 
Alice Avery is a tomboy. She loves to skateboard and hates gossip. She hates skirts, dresses, make up, and drama. She speaks up for herself and has not seen people due to being homeschooled all of her life. How will she take it when her senior year is spent in a public school filled with bimbos, jocks, and bad boys? What if she ends up living next to the bad boys? Oh jeez....
Now, for the bad boys. The Three Musketeers are the baddest boys in school. But no girls there are good enough to be their girlfriends. No matter how slutty they're willing to be. But Alice is different.
A/N: okay I know this isn't a chapter but I kind of want to get the idea out there. Chapter one is done but I would love to hear some feedback on the plot. So comment and stay tuned.
The plot and characters were created by me. They are fictional. This story was 100% my idea. Please do not copy plot or characters and claim them as your own. If you see people who are doing that please message me and tell me about it. ©2015
Hello again!!!!I hope you all enjoyed 'Gangleaders daughter' just as much as I did!
I repeat, please DO NOT read this book if you haven't read 'Gangleaders Daughter'This is for you own benefit.This book is A COMPLETE spoiler for the first book, if you haven't read it so please read the first one. 
Anyways, I really hope you guys like this sequel just as much as the first book.I just want to let you know that this book will probably be better quality ( vocabulary, structure, plot etc) than the last one.
The first book, was one of my first books I've written but since I've had practice writing a book, I know what is needed. Gangleaders Daughter is partially edited but I changed little to nothing of the plot and chapters. 
Please Do not copy this book, as this is my own book and should not be copied under any circumstances. I have worked hard on this book and it's all original ideas, so its my very own product and should not be copied in anyway possible. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED! CopyRight© 2016.
I would like to say Thank You to everyone who read, voted and commented on Gangleaders Daughter!😇You don't know how pleased I am to see how popular Gangleaders Daughter has become.
I really hope the same future for this book! 
Welcome to,
NOT The Gangleaders Daughter Anymore._____________________
A😊
I am working on being a writer and I am growing. Please excuse my errors and if you feel the need to point it out please do it nicely. I am going to work on editing this book after I finish it.
This book is going to to have 25 chapters and an epilogue/dedications. It will be cliche' and whenever I finish this book I will have a New, Edited Version.
I will try and make it more realistic. It will be up until I get it published but the original one ( This one ) will stay up forever since it was the OG.
I hope you enjoy this book and add it to your reading lists and vote and comment.
We all need to make up a name that I can call you guys ( My readers ). 
Enjoy the book! 
                              Mystery_Mia 
Please check out my other books. If there are any contests then you could enter and win!


Hi. I did crush imagines on my old account, in which I forgot the password to! Uhm personally I think they where terrible but you guys liked them! 
My writing has improved! 
Thanks!
uhm I hope to get lots of comments. I really love knowing you guys enjoyed them! :)
If you guys ever need someone to fangirl with or need advice just message me :) 
excuse my awkwardness<OMGEE I LEGIT SAID THIS TO MY CRUSH ONCE.
"Zach come on. We need to go home" I said walking out the school with zach who was talking to his girlfriend.
"Sam can you walk it. Please. I promised Jessie that I would buy her ice cream" zach said and I rolled my eyes.
"Sure. Bye guys" I said and walked away from them as they went to Zach's car.
My name is Samantha Daniel and i'm 17. There isn't much to say about me really. Oh yeh. I'm not a nerd. Well I do get A's in my classes but I don't have only one friend. I'm nice to everyone really.
Zach is my best friend. He lives next door to me and is sweetheart. Everyone loves him. I love him too but he loves his girlfriend Jessie. Zach is the captain of the football team and he is really cute.  I have known zach since I was 6. We moved out of my grandma's house and bought our own house. Mom said that it was getting very crowded there so that why we moved. 
I was a cheer leader before but when I started senior year I quit and concentrated on my studies. I still sit with the popular's.  Now Jessie, Zach's girlfriend is the captain of the cheer leader's.
I reached home and went inside. My house is in between two houses. One is Zach's and the other- I don't even want to talk about it.
"Mom i'm home" I shouted and took my shoes off and walked to the kitchen where mom and dad were.
"Hey princess how was school" dad asked looking at me
"Good" I said and he nodded
"What's wrong" mom asked and I sighed 
"I want a car. I have passed my driving test please can I get one" I said pouting and turned to dad.
Dad hates me being upset. I am proud to be a daddy's girl 
"Samantha Zach is there to take you to school and Carter can drop you off as well" mom said and I sighed
"Zach is busy with his girlfriend and Carter. Where is carter" I asked just as someone covered my eyes with their hands
"Carter I know its you" I said and he turned me around.
"How do you know it's me" he asked sitting down on a stool
"You magically appear when I say your name." I said and he nodded
"So what are you talking about" he asked and I shook my head
"I want a car. Please think about it dad. Please. I'm going to go and call Mia" I said and ran upstairs to my room.
My room is perfect for me. It just has one thing I hate. The walls are all white and then the carpet is a mint green colour. The bed is white and it also has a bathroom and a closet.  The only thing I hate is the window. It gives a perfect view of next door. Which I don't like. Now if the window was on Zach's way I would have loved it. But God hates me.
I laid in bed and called Mia and she picked up after the second ring.
Mia: hey Sam. I'm sorry for what zach did. I saw it. Sometimes I hate my brother
Me: it's okay Mia. I don't mind. I asked dad for a car
Mia: you don't mind anything my brother says. Your so blind Sam. Wait.... have you seen twitter?
Me: I don't have one Mia. You know what dad is going to say. Anyways what happened
Mia: Adrian is coming back
Me:*gasps* WHAT!
Mia: it's says it on Axel's profile. 
Me: bye I said and hung up.
I sat up in bed and sighed.
Adrian  is back. Kill me now I thought groaning.
You see, Adrian is my enemy. Ever since I was 6 and we moved here he was a little nice but then changed and has mean to me.. He would try to push around every chance he would get. He was Zach's best friend but Adrian slept with Zach's old girlfriend and now they are enemies as well.
Adrian moved 2 years ago to California. His whole family moved to California because of some job and a little because of Adrian. Adrian is hot but has the ego of a giant. And now he is back and i'm going to die..............................................................Hey guys Hope you  like this chapterSorry for any mistakes 
This is the sequel to the badboy's new girl. In Samantha p.o.v
Comment•vote•followByee 
Cassandra Evans doesn't believe in the term 'love.' It's a bad word that needn't be said at all. Because of this term, people ended up unhappy. Love only happened in books, movies, and TV. Cassie lives in the real world where ninety nine percent of the people are selfish and materialistic. Another important thing about Cassie is the fact that she always speaks the truth. To her, it doesn't matter how the other person takes it.
Because of this, Cassie hates liars. But all humans lie about some things. Perhaps, that's why she hates the humankind as well.
Enter our foreign exchange student, Julian Aylmer. He's a happy go lucky ball of sunshine. He doesn't know the existence of the term 'hate.' He has an optimistic outlook.
What happens when these opposites meet?
Well, Julian's keen on making Cassie see and feel the love around her while Cassie is trying to show the foreigner to look at the reality.
It isn't about making her fall in love rather realize love's existence. But Cassie is as stubborn as a stick. Nothing can change her mind because she has an excuse for everything. But what if the foreigner lies about some things? And Cassie hates liars.
Which side do you pick?
Hate or Love?
Who will win?
Make your bets.
           
Pepe Toth es un modelo que aparece en las tapas de muchos de los libros preferidos de Britt Slowell. Y, según ella, es la descripción perfecta e inalcanzable del hombre de sus sueños. 
Britt, que creció sabiendo que el amor solo puede traer problemas, jamás se fijó en chicos que no estuviesen dentro de sus libros. Pero todo cambia cuando ve a una copia de Pepe caminando por los pasillos de su instituto: Britt comete el enorme error de apostar en su blog que podía hablarle sin quedarse embobada mirándolo. 
Dellan Rochester puede ser una cara bonita, pero eso no le quita lo problemático que logra resultar, sobre todo cuando decide poner a Britt en el medio de su propia tormenta.
Tal vez dejar que el chico del salón de enfrente entre en la vida de Britt sea su peor error, pero también puede ser el comienzo de una gran aventura. 

Ma tête vibrait contre la vitre du bus. il était 21:00 et je rentrais au QGJE ( Quartier Général des Jeunes Espions)après un petite mission. Rien de très passionnant, juste quelques brutes de rues. Quand je dis mission, cela ne veut pas dire mission "officielle" c'est juste que je le fais pour garder la forme. Cela va faire 2 semaines que l'on ne m'a pas attribué de mission. Je ne sais pas vraiment pourquoi, mais je sens que ça va être une trèèès grosse mission. Peut être récupérer des dossiers top secrets dans des coffres blindés... Impossible, je l'ai fais il y a 1 mois et j'ai faillis me faire prendre. Je suis plutôt du genre à foncé dans le tas puis réfléchir aux conséquences. Mais j'ai changé, ou du moins, je l'espère. Le bus s'arrête.La voix pré - enregistrée annonce :
_Dernier arrêt: Marseille.
Je saute du bus. Ma moto m'attend là. Elle est rouge et noire. Je sais, c'est pas très discret mais le QG accepte donc...Je met mon casque, puis la démarre et par en direction du quartier général. Je prend des ruelles étroites, et les passants s'écartent pour me laisser passer. J'arrive devant une vieille usine abandonnée, que tout le monde a oublié depuis longtemps. Je me gare sur le parking derrière, puis enlève mon casque. Mes longs cheveux blonds descendent en cascade dans mon dos. Je secoue légèrement la tête pour leur redonné leur forme habituelle. J'avance vers le portail, tape le code, puis m'engouffre dans le bâtiment. Contrairement à se que l'on pourrait croire, l'intérieur est impeccable et moderne. Notre boss, Louis, est devenu riche grâce à sa vie antérieur( Il était un avocat très réputé), et a ensuite eu l'idée de créer son camp d'espions. Cela va faire 20 ans que notre QG existe. J'ai débuté il y a 3 ans, j'avais 14 ans. Vous allez me dire jeune, hein? Mais je venais de perdre mes parents, et personne ne voulait d'une ado ingérable, alors qu'avais-je à perdre?
Flashback
Ce jour là, il pleuvait à l'orphelinat. Cela faisait maintenant 1 mois que mes parents étaient morts. Personne ne voulait m'adopter. Tant pis, je n'avais pas besoins d'autres parents. Plongée dans mes pensées, je n'avait pas entendu que quelqu'un frappait à ma porte.
_ Quoi...
Un homme, qui devait avoir la vingtaine, entra dans ma chambre.
_ Qu'est ce que vous me voulez?! lui lançais-je.
Il ne fit pas attention a mon sarcasme et me tendit sa main.
_ Bonjour Sarah, je m'appelle Louis.
_ Bonjour... marmonais-je.
Encore quelqu'un qui vient jeter un coup d'oeil à se qui se passe dans les orphelinat. 
_ Je suis venu te proposer un job.
_ Quel genre de job?
_ Le genre où il faut être intelligent. J'ais vu que tu étais une exellente élève.
_ Et c'est quoi ce job?
_ Agent secret.
J'éclata de rire, pensant qu'il se moquait de moi. Mais non, il garda un visage sérieux.
_ Attendez vous êtes sérieux? Vous voulez que je devienne agent secret?
_ Effectivement. Si vous le voulez bien, je signes deux trois trucs et on commence votre entraînement.
C'était ma porte de sortie. Je n'ais pas hésité 1 seconde.
Fin de Flashback
Alors que je me dirigeais vers mon box d'armes, j'entendis Louis m'appeler au micro.
_ L'agent Jessica Arden est priée de venir tout de suite dans mon bureau.
Je dirigeais au petit trot dans son bureau et ouvrit la porte sans frapper.
_ Salut Louis ça va bien? Ça fait un bail dit moi!
_ Sarah! Toujours aussi... impulsive.
_ Comme vous pouvez le constater.
_ Bien. Agent, nous avons une mission à vous confiez. 
Je deviens tout de suite sérieuse. Le boss continua.
_ Vous avez déjà entendu parler de Mr Jason Zermay ?
Jason Zermay.... Bingo! C'est le fils du président Mr Salomon Zermay!
_ À votre expression, j'en conclue que oui. Il a déjà été menacé de mort plusieurs fois par des allemands. Bien sûr, il n'en sait rien. Son père nous a demandé de le surveiller 24h/24, et quoi de mieux qu'une personne de son âge? Mon sang se figea dans mes veines. Moi? Protéger un gosse de riche? Il est pas sérieux là? !?!
_ Attends t'es sérieux là Louis?!?! Tu peux pas envoyer Raph? _ Il a 22 ans Sarah.
_ Heu.... et pourquoi pas... Gabriella ?
_ Elle ne parle pas allemand.
Je soupira.
_ Et il vaut combien?
_ 20 000 euros le mois.
_ Faut le surveiller combien de temps?
_ Environ 1 ans.
_ Je dormirais où? 
_ Dans la maison du président.
_ Et j'aurais droit àun accès illimité à la carte bleue de l'agence?
_ Oui...
_ Alors j'accepte! Je pars quand? 
_ Tout de suite.
Kendra terdiam, menatap lampu gedung-gedung kota Jakarta dari rooftop apartemennya. Sebenarnya indah, namun Kendra tidak menggubris keindahan itu. Ia hanya berkutik dengan pikirannya. Kekecewan, marah, gelisah, menyelimuti perasaannya kali itu. Apalagi ada Alana di sebelahnya, sedang terisak dan sesenggukan.
"Ma-maaf Ken--"
"Kenapa selalu gua yang berjuang sih Lan?" Alana semakin terisak, menghapus air matanya berkali-kali. Biasanya, Kendra akan membantu cewek itu menghapus air matanya. Namun cowok itu enggan. Walau ia tidak tega, dan akan selalu tidak tega melihat cewek di sebelahnya ini menangis. Tapi hatinya kini sudah berubah menjadi batu. Ia tak mau repot-repot kali ini untuk mengusap air mata kekasihnya.
"Dari sebelum kita pacaran, sampe sekarang kita pacaran dan hubungan kita sedikit goyang karena ada masalah ini, lagi-lagi gue yang berjuang, Lan. Apa sih arti gue buat lo, sampe lo gampang banget angkat tangan?"
Alana menggeleng sambil terisak. Hatinya terasa sempit, membuatnya sulit menghela napas. "Gue sayang sama lo, Ken. Sayaaaang banget. Tapi mau gimana lagi? Gue sibuk, lo sibuk. Gue gak bisa ngejalanin hubungan kayak gini, Ken."
"Iya gak bisa karena lo gak ada usaha!"
"Gue udah usaha, Ken, tapi tetep gak bisa!"
Kendra terdiam. Bergulat dengan pikirannya dan mencoba menetralkan detak jantungnya sebisa mungkin. Cowok itu mengatur napasnya yang tak karuan dan mulai mendinginkan pikirannya. "Asal lo tau, gue belum pernah sesayang ini sama cewek sebelumnya." Kendra menghela napas berat. "Tapi, gue juga belum pernah ngerasain sekecewa ini sebelumnya." 
Ucapan Kendra sukses menohok Alana. Cewek itu semakin diselimuti rasa bersalah yang teramat.
"Tapi terserah lo," Kendra menatap Alana. "Karena mau gimana pun keputusan gue, tetep aja, keputusan lo yang bakal gue denger. Gue gak mau egois. Gue juga gak mau bikin lo tersiksa kalo sama gue, Lan. Gue bakal lakuin apa aja kok, asal itu bisa bikin lo bahagia."
Alana semakin terisak, lalu memeluk Kendra erat. Kendra membeku, tak menyangka Alana akan melakukan ini.
"Maafin gue Ken ... maafin," ucap Alana sambil mencoba menghirup oksigen sebanyak-banyaknya.
Selamat membaca!:)
Chapter 1
“Are you sure that you need help tonight, I doubt anybody’s going to be coming in tonight.”
“Yes, you’re the only one I could get a hold of and I’m the only one working tonight. I need your help tonight and I’ll pay you double for this shift… please!”
I sighed. “Fine, I’ll be there in ten minutes or so.” I replied, closing my cell phone in frustration.
Tonight was New Year’s Eve and I was just called into work for the night… oh the joy.
My name’s Sophie Campbell and I’m currently in my senior year at Jackson High. I also have a part-time job at the coffee shop two streets away from where I live.
I was supposed go over to my best friend Piper’s house tonight to celebrate the new year but she called me this morning saying she had woken up with a bad stomach ache and had caught the flu. I was disappointed but I understood that she didn’t want me to get sick, so I was planning on making a party of three tonight in my room… me, myself and I.
That plan went down the toilet two minutes ago when my boss Annie, the twenty-seven year old owner of Kaffeine, called and instructed me to report to work for the night.
Seriously, who is going to come into the shop and buy a latte or chocolate biscotti on New Year’s Eve?
Placing my cellphone into the back pocket of my jeans, I threw on my brown leather jacket and headed downstairs.
“Mary, Dennis, I’m taking the car and going to work!” I yelled, addressing my aunt and uncle.
That’s another thing you need to know about me; ten years ago, my parents were coming home from a business dinner and were hit by a drunk driver. They died instantly and ever since then, my aunt and uncle on my Dad’s side took me and my older brother Max into their home. Don’t get me wrong, I love my aunt and uncle a lot and they treat us like their own children, it’s just sometimes, a girl misses her parents.
“You’re going to work now… at 10pm on New Year’s Eve?” my aunt asked, coming into the hallway with my car keys in her hand.
I took the keys from her and shrugged. “Annie called me saying she needed help tonight and that I was the only one she could get a hold of. I’m getting paid double and I’m free tonight so it works I guess.” I replied. “I’ll probably be back around one or two, don’t wait up.” I said as I hugged her quickly and headed out into the cold night air.
           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)
Go to "Change of Characters" to see a picture of Jordan Elliott. :) Just imagine her with brown hair for now and a lip piercing.
Go to "Chapter Fifteen | Tommy's Surprise Party" to see a picture of Jordan Hayes.
The picture on the side is Trinity Frances -> :)
Copyright ©2016 Ananya VarmaAll Rights Reserved
No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system/database, or transmitted, in any form or by any means - electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise- without the prior written permission from the author. Infringement of the copyright may result in legal charges being pressed against the violator.
Before you all start reading this book, I would like to warn you beforehand that this book is UNEDITED, so there are lots of typos and spelling mistakes. I would like to apologize for those before hand. Even though I have tried my best to avoid such errors, there might be some (or many) slip ups ! You can correct me anytime there is an error. But don't go on and on, pointing out only the mistakes on each and every chapter :/
This book is far from perfect, so there might be plot holes or unexplained things. You can ask me if you have a doubt related to the story line and I will try my best to answer that :) All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Again I am open to constructive criticism, no negative remarks. This is my first attempt at writing, so I am super nervous about it. Please refrain from being hostile to my story, if it does not go as per the way you want it to. It is not only rude but also super discouraging for the author. If you do not like it. DO NOT READ IT ! I only want positivity here ! Though I am always open to some suggestions, from my readers :)
I will undergo a major editing session ONLY when I am over with this book. So please bear with me till that happens ! 
Pheww... Ok so that is it with me rambling. I hope you have a happy reading session and I hope you fall in love with this book :) Do share your views with me by voting and commenting. Without further ado let's just jump into the book now ! ( for all those who actually bothered to read this.)
Thnxx for readingMuch Love Ananya 
|| Barbara Palvin as Aurora Hayes
|| Taylor Lautner as Chase Evans
|| AnnaSophia as Summer White
|| Alex Pettyfer as Mike Thompson 
|| Elle Fanning as Becky Hayes
|| Jack Harries as Sean Anderson 
|| Finn Harries as Jonathan Anderson
|| Amanda Seyfried as Bree Taylor


So here's the official cast list, I will be adding more people in later and that. 
If you guys have any suggestions, (the Anderson brothers.. brothers would be good or twins even but I don't really know any hot brothers..) please comment them below. (I do change the Anderson brothers, because I'm trying to find the right guys to play them)
But sorry guys, I am not having Francisco Lachowsk as Chase or any other guy because he is in way to many stories, plus I'm not a huge fan of him sorry.
Amy xxx
When you hear the words Hit By Fate what do you think? Do you think about the cliché run in at a coffee shop spilling your coffees over each other and then instantly fall in love and life ends up being a love story? Well that's not what happens. In this case Hit By Fate involves a car.
When a driver named Eric and a pedestrian named Mattie aren't paying attention their fates intertwine and first impressions are made. A friendship forms but add a ex-boyfriend, family, and drama, and a lot can happen and will.
*All Rights Reserved!*
This story is part of a series! All stories spin-offs of each other and do not need to be read in order but may have some spoilers in the stories that come before them. Here's the order:
1- Lie Until You Laugh- Sienna Mast (Complete)
2- Laugh Until You Cry- Stella Wayne (Complete)
3- Cry Until You Bleed- Ana Shaw (Complete)
4- Bleed Until You Heal- Jo Mast (Currently Updating)
——————————————————————————-
Prologue
I have to get away. I have to.
An hour ago, I thought that I had to stay to protect my mother and my little sister, who is now screaming under her bed. I have to protect her and I have to protect my mom, but staying here isn't how I'm going to protect them and I realize that now.
There's so much crying in the house right now and I can't stand it. I feel like if I'm here, doing absolutely nothing, for another minute, I'll combust from all of the crying. My sister is crying in her room, my mother is crying downstairs, and I can feel a few tears fall down my red cheeks as well. We're all crying. There's yelling too, and a lot of slapping sounds and thumping. Each time I hear a thud or slap, I cringe and another tear falls out of my deep brown eyes again.
I throw clothes into a bag, as much as I can stuff into the small duffle bag that I found in the back of my closet. Some jeans, t-shirts, underwear, and then a pair of shoes. I manage to fit in my toothbrush and some deodorant too before grabbing my keys and my emergency money along with a birthday card I'd received from my uncle a few months ago.
I don't have much time.
I run down the hallway to into Josephine's room and close the door behind me. I can hear her sniffles from under the bed so I get on my knees and duck down to see her shaking in the corner where nobody can reach her. Where he can't reach her.
"Joey," I whisper. "Come on out really quick."
She crawls out just far enough to peak her head out.
My head falls down to kiss away one of her tears and I wipe the rest away with the thumb of my right hand, shaking terribly. "Joey, be strong, okay?"
"Is it over?" She sniffles.
I shake my head. "Not yet, just wait it out. I'm going to go out for a little while, but I'll be back, okay?"
She nods. "Okay."
I pull a small phone out of my pocket and put it under her mattress. "If anything goes wrong, I want you to call me, okay? You just push the two and then the green button and I'll answer no matter what."
"Are you leaving for a long time?" She wonders.
I shrug. "I don't know, Joey, but just don't forget about that phone."
She nods. "Okay. You're bleeding, Nenna."
I touch my head where I can feel a burning slice on my hairline and I can feel the warm river tracing my cheek until it pools on my shirt under my chin. I kiss her forehead. "Don't worry about it. I love you, Joe."
"I love you too, Nenna," She squeaks as I disappear out the door.
I know that I'm risking a lot by doing what I'm about to do, but I don't have a choice anymore. He will find out that I'm gone and he'll take it out on them, and I'm afraid of that, but I can't sit back and watch this go on anymore, so I'm going to find help.
Hello po si author po ito enjoy poUna sa lahat thank you po sa lahat ng nagbabasa nito Sana patuloy lang po kayo magbasa thanks po ulit ♥♥♡♡--------------------------------------------------------Characters 
Jonh Nicolo  Smith- mabait sa mabait wag mo lang gagalitin kasi ako na nagsasabi hindi mo magugustuhan ang magagawa niya sayo ,medyo bad boy,18 yrs old ,mayaman,gwapo, habit- swimming ,playing guitar, drumming ,and he have a golden voice Minsan pilosopo at mapangasar
Sabriana Mendez- maganda matalino , makulit, 17 yrs old ,Habit- MAMBARA ,mag piano ,kumanta ,mag badminton ,mag bake at pag yan ininis mo ayyy you will see the bitch side of her ,mayaman
Aaron Monteverde- Silent type at pag nagsalita ay tipid pero pag naging ka close mo na ay ang ingay at medyo mahangin din,18 yrs old, mahilig mag basketball,gwapo ,mayaman
Jilliana Monica Scott-maingay at straigth to the point pag seryosohan,laging nakangitiHabit-soccer ,writer ng ibat ibang fiction at horror just to explain her fellings at mahilig kumain ng sweets ,mayaman ,maganda
Matthew Dela Fuente-masipag mag aral, NGSB ayaw sa mga babae, mayaman,ayaw sa maingay ,once in a blue moon lang ngumiti,book worm ,ang mga librong binabasa ay tungkol sa magic at teen fiction at gwapo nagiging maingay pag tungkul sa magic at libro
Eclier Davis -tahimik at laging nag draw drawing ng anime at isa rin syang writer ng ibat ibang klase ng magic at novel pero pag yan napikon hospital ang abot mo black belter ba naman ng karate at judo ang pinikon mo ehhh ,matalino at maganda
Timothy Blake Suarez-makulit ,maingay ,mahilig mang inis,mayaman ,gwapo,mapang asar pero madaling ma asar talo at gangster mahilig makipag away at basag ulo
Angelica Mae Torres-maganda,mayaman,anti-social,puro selfie ,kung ano ang ayaw nya ayaw nya talaga ,ayaw sa taong tumututol sa kanya ,medyo ma arte pero mabait din pag ka close ka nya----------------------'----------'----'-''''''''-----my idol In the multi media
SarangheyoComment po kayoVote and like na din po Hahahaha chos kapal ko  no Kahit ano ang gusto nyo sabihinThanks sa pagbabasaHohohhoohhNEXT CHAPIE NA !!!!!!!!
Summary:
Kasey Taylor is a Senior Elite Cheerleader. She's been cheering competitively since she could walk and she's finally worked her way up to the top. She's good, one of the best on the team, and she knows it. With her blonde hair and big bows, she's one of her gym's top cheerleaders. And she had the attitude to go with it. That is, until a new coach was brought into town. He cracked down on the team, including cutting Kasey from it. And the only way she'll ever get back? A complete attitude change.

Before you begin reading this book, please note that I had a very hard time writing this book and building the plot and connecting it. So it ends with plot holes and an underdeveloped story line. I apologize in advance, and you've been forewarned.

I can't hear anything due to the screams from the crowd. My heart is beating so loudly that I'm sure Asher can hear it. I run my palms over my thighs, glancing at the boy next to me.
He smiles, looking so effortlessly handsome. It makes me want to just lean over the chair and kiss his beautiful lips. I've never done anything like this before.
How could I just kiss Asher Westfield? And in front of all these people.. My dad is sitting right next to me for goodness sake!
"Let's do this."
Hello! So this is my first story, ever, so please excuse all the grammar, punctuation, and plot mistakes. There's bound to be a ton. Thanks for taking the time to look at my story, and give it a shot at reading it!
Please vote when reading my story. Everytime I see I get a vote, I get extremely happy and excited because a vote shows me that you love my story, which tells me that I'm doing something right in this huge world. Comments are exceptional as well.
Take a look at my other stories as well! 
Here's the summary again! 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Anna Mason loves soccer. Her father coaches both the boys' and the girls' teams at her high school. Because of this, she's at the boys practices everyday, playing with them most of the time. 
Charlie Baker's family just moved to Salem, Indiana. He's been waiting to tryout for the boys' soccer team ever since they arrived.
While Anna knows her father's rule, Charlie doesn't even know it exists. What will happen when the rule is tempted to be broken?
A love story full of humor, trustworthy friends, and just a little bit of a twist.
Authors Note
Okay, before you guys read this, I want you to know that I stared writing this book back in 2011. At the age of fifteen/sixteen so the lack of description and story telling will be noticeable as well as the really short chapters. So, I'm sorry for that. Also, my grammar isn't perfect so there will be quite a few mistakes and hopefully one day, I will edit this story. But anyway, thank you for taking your time in reading this! I hope you like it.

Blurb
Rosalie Harness is a typical seventeen year old teenager, she goes to school, dates, parties and all other typical teenage things.
But there is one thing which is not so typical, she got kicked out of her own house, by her own parents! Not because she is a rebel, far from that, simply because she existed.
So when she finds a perfect place to stay, there is one problem. She has a roommate, a male roommate, who happens to be the hottest boy in her school; Vincent Clarke.


No this can't be happening! He can't be back, they said he would be put away for years. This is not good, I have no one to protect me my brother moved to another city. He's married with a child now, he cant just drop everything for me. 
I sat in my car staring off into space. "Knock knock! Hey Bunny are you OK?" I wiped my tears and put on my there's nothing wrong face. 
"Yes I'm fine now go away, I'm not in the mood to be harassed right now" 
"You don't look fine." He said sounding concerned. I scoffed Vince concerned about me? Ha! 
"I promise you there's nothing wrong." 
Why does he care anyway? He bullied and humiliated me for half the year then he goes and steal my first kiss, yeah very confusing.
I stared off into space again and wasn't paying attention. His voice made me jump. 
"So where we headed?" He asked while buckling his seatbelt.
"What are you doing?" I shrieked. 
"Get out of my car!" I yelled. 
"No can do i need a ride."
That was the biggest mistake of my life, letting him come to my house now I cant get rid of him.
                   
Para: Janaina Carvalho e Lisa Ferreira que foram as primeiras a lerem minha história. Que me motivaram, me apoiaram e, mais importante ainda, me criticaram MUITO. Se você está lendo agora saiba que é, em grande parte, por causa dessas duas.
Amo vocês, amigas 



We all make up little scenarios in our heads that include the twins, so why not write about them? 
                                {☆}
It's literally 1 in the morning while I write this but oh well, I'm not complaining. 
Yes, I will be writing imagines but that doesn't mean that I will update this often. This is a little something meanwhile you guys wait for updates on my other books. 
Other than that being said, I hope you guys like this and continue reading :) 
This is a series. Coming soon. Add to your libraray though, I wont keep the wait long.
Gutta Chick - Book 1
Hold Me Down - Book 2
Unfinished Business - Book 3 
& Now
Better for you - Book 4 
I recommend you not read this if you havent read the first 3. You wont know whats going on. Go to my profile, look under my works & start from Gutta Chick - Book 1 then work your way down. 
Ian Somerhalder as Prince Aiden(Aiden Louis I'm guessing because that's Prince Williams last name)
Billy Unger as Austin Manchester
Kate Middleton as Queen Kate
William Arthur Philip Louis as King William
Kasey POV:
I woke up in a good mood which was wierd since I am never a morning person. I looked over and saw it was 6:00AM.
I was also up an hour early. 
I decided to waste time to take a shower, so I stood up and smiled at my reflection. I was really happy with my figure. Not that I was the one to flaunt it because I am not like that,it was just because I worked out a lot and now I was happy with how I looked. 
A lot of girls aren't happy with how they look nowadays and I never used to, but I tried and tried until I was finally happy. 
I was what people would class as 'pretty'. Long, light brown hair and bright blue eyes with clear skin. If you looked close enough you would be able to see the faded freckles I have.
I walked in to my bathroom and I quickly undressed before getting in the shower. The holidays have just ended so today is the first day of school. Every one hates Monday's but every morning, after I get out the shower, I feel nice and refreshed; ready to start the day. I let the warm water relax my muscles and I used my strawberry scented shower gel, shampoo and conditioner and within 10 minutes I was out. I felt much more refreshed and that's how I liked it.
My mother came in my room"Kasey?" She says In her chirpy voice. How can someone be that happy in the morning? I guess I'm not a morning person like her.
"Yeah?" I say drying myself. 
"Your breakfast would be done in 5" she says and I hear the footsteps start to get quieter. 
I unlocked the bathroom door and walked into my room in just a towel. I then locked my bedroom door and looked in my wardrobe. I had so many clothes to choose from but In the end I ended up choosing a tight pair of black jeans and a tight fitted off the shoulder purple top. I then dried my hair and put it in a messy bun and went downstairs to my mother.
"Good morning" I say kissing her on the cheek."Morning" she says happily. I loved my mother. She is the kind that would let me sleep out, party and have boyfriends but she would still care and be involved. 
"Here you go" she says giving me a stack of pancakes with Nutella on them with some strawberries on the side."Thank you" I say straight away started eating.
After 5 minutes I was done. 
"Honey, work called, I need to go in it is an emergency. Bye love you" she says before slamming the door."Love you too" I mumble to no one in particular. 
I go upstairs and straighten my hair before applying a little bit of makeup. I put on some eyeliner making my blue eyes pop and red lipstick. I added a little mascara because my eye lashes were really long anyway before grabbing my phone from my night stand and putting my back pack on. I then put on my black doctor martens and left. 
I got to school 10 minutes later. I can drive but i liked walking. 
I head to my locker and I see 2 of my best friends, Damon and Rylie. 
Rylie has green sparkling eyes and blonde hair which is naturally curly. It is gorgeous. 
Then you had Damon.
Damon had brown eyes with golden specks in them and caramel hair. He was very very good looking. 
We all weren't nerds but we weren't popular. We just tried to get through school as a normal teenagers. 
"Hey guys" I say smiling. They both hug me and I smile. I love my best friends.
"Have you heard? Have you heard?" Rylie squealed jumping up and down on the spot and Damon and I laughed at her eagerness. "What?" I laugh along and she jumps up and down."2 things, first thing is there is a singing contest and you should totally enter. You sing like an angel" she babbled and I cut her off.
Vừa bước vào học kì đầu tiên của năm học mới không được bao lâu, tính ra thì mới chỉ có chưa đầy hai tháng nhưng đã hai sáng đầu tuần liên tiếp có bốn gương mặt nữ quá đỗi quen thuộc, cứ lặp đi lặp lại đứng trên sân khấu ở hội trường và lần nào cũng thật đọc to ba chữ - "Bản kiểm điểm".
Đến thứ hai tuần này, vẫn một cảnh y chang, vẫn bốn con người đó lại cầm bốn Bản kiểm điểm, đứng giữa hội trường đọc lớn những gì có ở tờ giấy trong tay viết. Kì lạ là đã năm tuần liên tiếp họ bị phạt như thế này nhưng chưa một lần bốn người này phạm phải một lỗi nào đó như lần trước, lần nào lần nấy đều khác lạ, lý do vô cùng phong phú, quả là rất đúng với câu muôn thuở nhạt nhẽo cuối mỗi bản kiểm điểm: "Em hứa từ nay về sau không phạm lỗi này thêm một lần nào nữa." 
"Cộng hoà xã hội chủ nghĩa Việt Nam. Độc lập, Tự do, Hạnh phúc. Bản Kiểm điểm. Em tên là: Nhân Mã, học sinh lớp 11D2.." - Một bạn nữ với mái tóc tém ngang vai, đen nhánh, ánh mắt lấp láy tuy bây giờ rất đỗinghiêm túc nhưng vẫn để lộ ra nửa phần tinh ranh, ma quỉ trong đó - "...Em rất hổ thẹn và thực lòng xin lỗi các thầy các cô, các bạn đồng học khi đã gây ra rắc rối này. Đặc biệt, em gửi lời xin lỗi chân thành nhất của mình đến thầy Nguyễn Văn Hạnh, giám thị nhà trường. Hôm đó, chỉ vì kĩ năng trèo tường kém cỏi của mình mà em đã bị thầy bắt được, do tính ương ngạch em cũng đã cố bám trụ trên song chắn, rồi lại đột ngột buông tay, khiến thầy bị ngã và trẹo chân, bây giờ phải nằm viện. Em cảm thấy rất áy náy và bứt rứt vì sự cố này. Em xin hứa lần sau sẽ không còn tái diễn sự việc này. Em sẽ luyện tập để nâng cao khả năng trèo tường của mình, tuyệt đối sẽ bám trụ thật chắc song sắt và không để thầy bắt gặp. Em xin cảm ơn. Người làm đơn, ký tên..."
Toàn bộ học sinh trong hội trường không nhịn được nên khi Nhân Mã vừa dứt lời thì tiếng cười trong hội trường ngày một lớn. Suốt mấy tuần nay, mỗi khi ai đó trong bốn người đọc xong một bản kiểm điểm là tình trạng này xuất hiện bởi cái sự "thành thật" quá mức trong mỗi bản kiểm điểm. Một số thầy cô giáo lại đồng loạt cau mày khó chịu, một số người thì nén cười đến nỗi khuôn mặt nóng bừng lên. Đáng chú ý là thầy Hiệu trưởng, thầy tuy cao tuổi nhưng ngày ngày vẫn đến trường, quan tâm đến mọi việc trong trường. Nhất là hai năm gần đây, kể từ lúc có bốn học sinh này nhập học, biết bao rắc rối cứ xảy ra không ngớt khiến tần suất xuất hiện ở trường của thầy cũng tăng lên đáng kể.
"..Chiều thứ bảy vừa qua sau khi trốn học, bùng tiết và bị thầy cô tóm tại trận, địa điểm là quán nét XX, cách trường gần trăm mét đi về phía bên phải, em đã cảm thấy vô cùng ân hận và áy náy, đồng thời cũng thấy xấu hổ với bản thân mình. Em xin hứa lần sau sẽ không tái diễn sự việc này hay vào net XX chơi thêm một lần nào nữa. Thay vào đó, em sẽ ráng tìm một quán net khác xa trường hơn để không gây ảnh hưởng đến tiếng tăm của trường. Đồng thời, em cũng xin gửi lời chân thành và sâu sắc đến thầy Nguyễn Văn Hạnh, giám thị nhà trường. Em xin hứa sẽ không lấy tên thầy để đặt tên nick Liên Minh nữa, em sẽ tìm một cái tên khác hay hơn. Em xin cảm ơn. Người làm đơn, Sư Tử, ký tên."
Một bạn nữ khác lại đứng lên đọc thật to bản kiểm điểm của mình. Nhỏ có dáng người cao ráo, thanh mảnh, khuôn mặt lại thanh tú, tôi mắt đen láy hấp háy nét cười nhưng lại có tỏ ra nghiêm túc nên thật mắc người.
Shoutout to @Java_Bean for this cover!
BLAIR POV
"In 500 feet turn left. The destination will be on your left." The monotone GPS voice instructed out to my dad who was currently driving the car on our way to drop me off at school. I was going to be a freshman at Vanatta University, where my brother Will was already a junior. He was helping settle in Freshmen so he was already there. 
"Are you excited honey?" My mom asked, looking back at me from her seat in the front. I smiled, "Yeah, it's gonna be great! I can't wait to start classes." I chirped. My dad quickly found a space to park and I hopped out. There were seas of families, friends, old students, and new students all coming in waves towards the center of the campus. 
The California air was warm and sunny, the sky as blue as the ocean. The Vanatta University sign glimmered off the sun, welcoming everyone. I tugged at the Vanatta t-shirt I was wearing self-consciously, lifting a suitcase out of the trunk and started following my mom to the registration booth while my dad got out more of my things. The line was huge but seemed to be moving quickly so it wasn't a problem. 
"Excuse me miss are you a student here?" A voice asked behind us. I turned around and saw Will standing there, a smile on his face. "Will!" I cheered, grabbing him and hugging him. Will grabbed me harder and chuckled. "Are you sure you're my little sister? You look too grown up." He teased, giving a little pout. I blushed, "I guess so." I shrugged.  Mom squeezed my shoulders, "Our babies are growing up." She said sadly. "You're right about that." My dad interrupted, dragging a cart full of my stuff behind him. 
All the attention on me was making me uncomfortable so I tried to change the subject. "Look we're almost up." I said, stepping forward. 
After registering into school, I got my key and a map to my new dorm room. 
"I'm in Newman Hall, room 310." I said, taking a look on my map. "I have to get back to helping out new students but I'll check out your new dorm later B, okay?" Will said. I nodded, "Okay, see you later." I waved goodbye to him.  
My parents and I wheeled my stuff to Newman Hall, a short, square building made of a white cement color. The lobby of the building was modern and warm, with a guard sitting behind a desk in the front and a few lounge chairs and décor. My room was on the third floor so we decided to just take the elevator upstairs. There were many people like us, carts and hands full of stuff, waiting for the elevators. Luckily there were four elevators so we got on one fairly quickly. 
The halls were white and mostly bare with only the occasional poster. 310 was halfway down the hall, and we shortly arrived there. I opened the door and found an empty room. The walls were white, and there were two wooden desks and drawers, two beds, both untouched, one built in closet, and my favorite feature, a beautiful big window that overlooked the center of campus. The room was small but comfortable and I instantly felt good about it. 
"This is a beautiful view you have Blair." My mother complimented, taking a look out the grand window. "I know right, I love it!" I agreed, my smiled widening. "Let's get unpacking." Dad said, opening one of the cardboard boxes. 
---BREAK--- 
About an hour later I was all unpacked, and I stood back to admire it. I hung little lights above my bed, covered my desk with a desk calendar, a pencil holder, and pictures of friends and family. Almost all of my clothes fit in my drawer so I just hung a coat and some shoes in the closet. "It looks good, what do you think Blair?" Dad asked. "I love it, I think this will be a good temporary home." I said. There was then a knock at the door, my heart skipped, I thought it might be my roommate. I had no information on her, I just knew I had one. But when I opened the door there was Will, "The big dinner is starting soon, do you guys want to head over?" He asked. I was hungry by this point, "Yeah, food sounds great." I agreed. "First I want to see your room." Will said, stepping around me. 
"Wow it looks great B," He complimented. "Thanks Will." I replied with a smile. He looked at the empty side of the room. "No roommate yet?" He asked and I shook my head. "Ehh, that's okay, they'll probably come eventually, now let's go eat." He said. 
The dining hall was packed when we got there, families all over the place. Streamers and balloons in Vanatta's colors, black and red, were hung everywhere. We scored a small table by one of the huge windows and chatted as food was served out. 
As people started to finish food, they filed out of the dining hall, and parents were starting to leave. I walked outside with my parents and Will and took a stroll towards the parking lot. "So I guess this is it," My dad said. "I guess so," I replied, suddenly feeling nervous. Both of my parents hugged me tight, squeezing me reassuringly. Mom caressed my cheek lovingly, "You are gonna do so great here Blair, we are so proud of you." She said. "Thanks Mom," I whispered. "Okay, we'll see you two soon." Dad said, the two turning towards their car. Will threw an arm around me as we watched our parents drive away. 
"You okay B?" He asked softly. I nodded, "Yeah." 
"I'm gonna go head to my dorm, I'm kinda tired." I told him. "Okay, do you need me to walk back there with you?" He asked. I shook my head, and he kissed the crown of my head, "Goodnight Blair." He said. 
I made the five minute walk back to my dorm alone, admiring the beautiful campus that was now my home. 
As I trudged through the hallways of Newman, I saw a few other students mingling. I smiled politely at them and opened my door. 
When I stepped inside, there was a man sitting on the bed opposite mine, causing me to shriek and drop my key to the floor. 
SHOUTOUT to Leighabear0625
AN: Most of this story will be from Blair's point of view, but if in Wesley's point of view, it will be stated. I don't think Vanatta University is a real school, but if it is I don't own it! Thanks to everyone who is reading this story! I am hoping to update at least twice a week, but hopefully will update more. Thanks! :)
Mary Grace Kosak wasn't the most popular girl back then. She was made fun of alot, and always was an easy target.
She had short, chopped blonde hair, wasn't the skinniest girl, and only had one friend, Teddy Ryan.
Teddy always stuck up for Mary Grace against the other kids, and always could make her laugh.
Unfortunately,one day her mother broke the news that they would be moving.
On her final day in Gerogia, Mary Grace planned for her and Teddy to spend her final hours with him.
Maybe hang out in the tree house she so dearly loved.
When he doesn't show up, Mary Grace rides her bike to his house to witness that Teddy is having a gathering with all the so called 'popular' kids.
Mary Grace is crushed when Teddy shuts the door in her face.
Her only friend gone. Was it because of her looks? Did she do something wrong?
She thought she'd never know. She also thought she'd never step foot back in Geogia again.
But like I said, she thought.
Seven years later, completely transformed Mary Grace is back in Geogia when an unexpected death in the family arises.
She's back at the same house she grew up in, and about to begin her Senior year.
What will happen when she comes across Teddy?
Will anyone recognize the girl they once used to pick on?
You'll have to read to find out.
This is Mary Grace's story. 
This is The Comeback.
🔸 🔸 🔸
What do ya think?
Do you think it's worth the shot for me to continue?
Let me know your thoughts!
~daaprincess  
"MOM! We don't have to do this! It is something that happened and went, I don't want to go!" I beg my mom while she drives the car. 
"No Alexa! It is not 'something that happened and went', you had a freaking nose bleed in the middle of the night, and you have been losing a lot of weight, too" she says. 
"Mom, it was only 15 pounds!" I say. 
"Yeah? And you lost 15 pounds in what duration of time, exactly?" She says with mock confusion.
"2 weeks." I mutter. 
"EXACTLY!" She says as she parks the car in front of the hospital. I groan as she signals for me to get out. She speeds up to the receptionist and asks for Dr. Hill; he is actually one of my best friends from when I broke my leg last year and he came and kept talking to me while they wrapped it up, it isn't even his specaility, he just had some free time. A while after, we see a man in his mid-twenties coming towards us, he had brown hair and green eyes, yup, that's Dr. Hill. When he sees us, he smiles brightly and rushes over to hug me and greets my mom too. We go to his office and we start to chit chat a bit until he asks the inevitable.
"So, no offense, but what brings you here today?" He says and I chuckle lightly. 
"Well, look, Derek, yesterday something..... weird happened, we were sleeping when I woke up to get water when I saw Alexa in the bathroom, and her nose was bleeding heavily. I don't know what happened, but there are other stuff too, like, she lost a lot of weight, 15 pounds, in only 2 weeks, and she wasn't even following a diet." She says as Derek, Dr. Hill's first name, listens closely. 
"Maybe I have high metabolism!" I say as Derek chuckles. He shakes his head lightly at my childish acts. He then stops and his eyebrows furrow as he thinks. 
"Alexa," What? He never calls me by my full name.
"Was there anything weird happening at this previous period of time?" He says, worry lacing his voice. My face turns into a one of confusion. Well, there are things that did happen but why did he ask?
"Well, I have had these weird nights, when I would wake up and I would be sweating like crazy. I am always so tired no matter how much I sleep, I am just, feeling that I need a wheel chair to move, I can't even run around the halls of the school at all. But, other things happened, like........ there is something else, that's weird, I have these red big dots on my skin on my shoulders and thighs and stomach. But they are not itching me" I say all in one breath as my mom's eyes widen. I never told her. Derek's eyes widen too, I never did actually tell him either. 
"Alexa, tell me honestly, you aren't making this up, right?" He says, eyes wide like saucers. I shake my head, with a look of confusion plastered on my face. Derek gets up from his chair and starts pacing in front of us, shaking his head a bit. I raise an eyebrow, he always does this when he is afraid or worried or nervous. He stops and looks at me, panic was evident on his facial features. 
"W-well we can do some tests and all, and then we can see what's wrong. I'll sign you up so they can get you in quick, today I mean" he says all in one breath. I nod and he heads out of the office really quickly, yelling a nurse's name. 
"What do you think is wrong?" My mom asks weirdly, raising an eyebrow.
"I don't know." I say with a shrug as I lean back in the chair, I know it's nothing.
I really do hope it's nothing.
********
"6 weeks." He says. I just stare at him dumbfounded with my eyes wide open like they are saucers.
Probably you don't understand. Well, imagine this; a girl, with a-little-bit-after-the-shoulder length, blonde hair and bright blue eyes is just sitting there in the office, and a doctor is telling her she is diagnosed with Leukemia and she only has a limited time to live, which is 6 weeks. Yikes. Well, that's me right now staring at Derek with raised eyebrows. Six weeks? But... I am still 17 years old! I still have to go to my senior year in high school, I never went on a date, I still have a lot of stuff that I need to. I still want to live my life. I complete staring at him while my mum bursts in tears. It is time to start talking. 
"What?" My voice sounds kinda strained. Derek sighs and shakes his head slightly, looking at me sympathetically. 
"Alexa, you have stage 4 Leukemia, apparently the symptoms became prominent a little bit late, we really have nothing to do about it. I am sorry, but you only have 6 weeks to live. We can, of course, give you medications but to be honest, they will only tire you more and delay the inevitable." He says, pity lacing his voice. I take in his words and think, would I really want to spend the rest if my life in a hospital? Immediately, my mind and heart reject the idea, I will not sacrifice the last weeks of my life into this. So, I shake my head as my mother continues to cry. Derek sighs and stands in front of me, putting his hand on my shoulder. I will probably spend these few weeks sitting in my room hidden from the world watching Netflix.
"Look, I an telling you this and listen well." he says strictly, I nod. 
"Make those 6 weeks unforgettable." he says. I look at him weirdly before nodding. Unforgettable? I was just planning to sit in room hidden from the world watching Netflix or something. But, he is right, I have to do sonething in my life before I die. What is this something? No idea, but it'll come eventually. 
I really hope it comes eventually.
______________
New book! Wohoo. If you like my way of writing, you should definitely check my other book; 'Shattered.' Out. You'll love it, I guess? But let me tell you it's quite depressing at the beginning. 
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
Oh, and thank you w_nderlust for this amazing book cover! I love it!
Love ya.
~Nightingale.
CHAPTER 1
I'm looking through the car window at the strikingly beautiful scenery. There are trees everywhere. Tall, lush trees. As our vehicle is speeding past the forest, I can see an ever-changing kaleidoscope of greens and browns. Everything around me is magnificent. The leaves on the trees are dancing in the breeze and I can faintly hear water crashing onto rocks.
My parents and I are on a trip. Just a few kilometres away is the amazing waterfall I've always wanted to visit, so that's where we're headed. We haven't even reached the destination yet and I'm already having the best time ever. We're singing along to the radio and munching on unhealthy snacks. I have a sweet, light-hearted mom and a funny yet protective dad. Even though I have no siblings, I'm perfectly happy with my little family because I have Pixie, my adorable toy poodle, to give me company.
We're driving fast, eager to meet our destination. The fog is making it hard to see the road clearly, but my dad is managing well. I'm in perfect bliss as I laugh at my dad's lame attempts at humour and stroke Pixie's snowy white fur. That's when I hear the truck behind us honking urgently. Before I can even turn around to see what the problem is, our car smashes into a tree with so much force that I jump off my seat and my body bounces forward. After this, everything is vague. I hear my mother's painful shriek and my dad cries out her name in agony. At that moment, I know they are hurt, hurt really badly. I just have enough time to notice Pixie struggling to get out of the seat which has collapsed upon her. I know her little paws won't be able to handle it. Before I can even think about how I can help my family, my vision becomes painfully blur and I collapse somewhere in the car.
When I regain my consciousness, I have no idea where I am, though the place looks vaguely familiar. My head is throbbing with pain and as I reach up to touch it, I feel something has been wrapped around it firmly. The trees, the road. That's when I remember. I can see the remains of our car and a number of people are surrounding it. Some of them are walking towards me with a relieved look on their face. As soon as they reach me, I begin asking about my mom and dad but no one is listening to me. They are just looking at me anxiously and asking me questions which I don't understand. I feel dizzy and lightheaded. Then I see the ambulance, and next to it my parents and Pixie on stretchers, their faces covered with blood. I see a man in a white coat walk up to Pixie and inject something into her frail little body. Now I realise what has happened. I start screaming. I try to run towards them but someone drags me away from their lifeless bodies...
I jerked up at the sound of my alarm, gasping and struggling to breathe. I tried to calm down by telling myself it was just the same nightmare. I should be used to it by now, right? Wrong. No matter how many times that event replays in my head, it remains just as deadly and petrifying as it was when it occurred. No matter how hard I try to forget that fatal day, every night my mind intentionally reminded me of it. I clenched my teeth and fought back the tears I could feel escaping. I stepped into the bathroom and stared at my pale reflection. Dark circles were forming around my deep brown eyes and my long, brunette hair was tied up in a messy ponytail at the back of my head. It was obvious I needed a shower.
Once ready, I got out of my dorm and headed to the tuck shop to grab a snack. I ate the apple on my way to class and got myself mentally prepared for another boring day. There were two weeks left until summer, which I wasn't looking forward to. A summer of living with Aunt Claire and Uncle Joe isn't very exciting. Every time they see me they talk about my parents. I'm glad that they understand what I must have gone through. However, instead of helping me forget about it, they remind me of all the memories. They talk about how wonderful my parents were and how great life was when they were still around. Even worse is the fact that they pity me and try to reach out to me. I hate that. I don't want to be looked after. I'm afraid that as soon as I start loving someone, they'll be taken away from me by fate, leaving me heartbroken all over again. If that doesn't happen, then one day they'll get sick of me and walk away from my life because they'll know I'm not worth the effort.
Amber Tattiana GoodwinDaniel Luca Melissa Luca GoodwinKevin Jeral Goodwin Alma Devan Klaus Aries Fraser Petrakis Clara DenkleJedediah 'jed' DenkleSara JacobsCalla PetrasDavid Sanchez Jaycee Saunders Killian Apollo Fraser PetrakisCaleb Lennon Denise RomanosCassandra SalisAbigail Samuels
GUYS YOU CAN SEND IN SUGGESTIONS ON WHO YOU WOULD LIKE TO PLAY WHO FOR THE CHARACTERS BUT FOR THE MEAN TIME HERE'S THE DRAFT FOR THE CHARACTERS IT WILL BE UPDATED IN THE FUTURE  
As I walked to school, I couldn’t shake the feeling that seven o’clock in the morning was the most ridiculous time to be awake. The sun was just barely on the rise, leaving the crisp January air to bite at my hands where my thick sweater failed to shield the skin there.I pulled the end of my sleeves down to cover my freezing fingers and forced my hands into my sweater pockets. I wished that I hadn’t left my hat in my bedroom because my ears felt like they were ready to fall off.Despite living in Southern California for the vast majority of my life, I still managed to overlook the fact that even though the winters were mild and typically comfortable, that really only applied to when the sun was out. And on a January morning when the sun was still half hidden beyond the horizon, it was basically a requirement to dress in layers. That was obviously something I still needed to work hard on remembering.“Sometimes a guy just never learns,” I said aloud to myself. I stared at my feet to keep the wind from hitting me in the face.There are both good and bad aspects to living close to my high school. The best part is that the walk is only about ten minutes. The worst part, though, was that since I didn’t have a car, in the winter the walk felt like it was hours long. Especially when you’re me and you constantly forget to bring your hat and to wear an extra jacket.By the time I decided to finally pry my eyes from the ground and look up, I was just approaching the front lawn of my school. I scanned the crowd of teenagers and spotted my friends.As per usual, they were goofing around next to the bike rack farthest to the right of the main doors. From where I was, it looked as though Amber and Clare were ganging up on Scott over some sort of argument that they were in. Marck was laughing hysterically as Scott got more and more flustered and defensive.Judging by how the girls had their hands on their hips and disapproving looks on their faces, Scott must have been acting like a sexist jerk or something along those lines. That’s usually how these kinds of arguments got started.I walked up to my friends and settled in next to my friend, Adam, who was sitting back on the top bar of the bike rack with a smirk on his face. He was clearly staying out of the onslaught of insults being thrown at Scott. It was typically the best option.“Hey,” I said while keeping my gaze on the near-brawl in front of us.“Hey, man. It’s about time you’re here,” Adam said. He spoke just as I had, with his eyes on our friends.“Yeah, yeah. I’m still kind of stuck in vacation mode. So what exactly is going on here?”“Well,” he said. “This right here is the sole spokesperson of the assholes who womanize.” He gestured to Scott with his right hand. “And this,” he said gesturing to the girls. “Is what happens when two of the most independent and self righteous women on the planet find out that he’s been bragging about it to Marck and me all morning long.”I surveyed the display going on in front of us with a smile on my face. “Looks like everything is just the same as it was before Winter break.”“Yeah, it’s good to have you back, man.”“You have no idea how great it is to be back, dude. Winters in Sun Valley are not as warm and sunny as it is here in Costa Mesa. As much as I love snowboarding....I love my California sunshine just as much as the next guy.”Adam chuckled and turned to face me. I laughed along with him and turned as well. We clapped our hands together and then pulled each other into that sort of half-hug that’s just natural to every guy in the country. We stepped back and smiled at each other.“So,” I said. “You’ll have to fill me in on absolutely everything you guys did over break. I felt like I was in another universe out at that resort. Like you have no idea. I love it there, but I feel so out of the loop.”“Connor!”I jumped at the sound of my name being screeched happily by Clare. Girls, I swear. I’ll never be able to understand them and why they feel the need to screech in such a high-pitched way whenever they get excited about shit.“Connor? When did Connor get here?” Amber asked.
Before I could do anything, Clare slammed her body into me in an aggressive hug. “Oh Connor we missed you so much! Nothing’s the same around here when you go on vacation. Can’t you just stay behind one of these times? Please, Connor?”Ah, this was what I loved so much about Clare. She’s so lovey and affectionate towards the people closest to her. And she always knows the perfect things to say to make you feel like you’re important to the world. She may babble a lot and be demanding at times, but she always has good intentions.“Con Con!” Amber yelled before joining the hug that Clare had initiated.After only a few seconds, though, Amber stepped back leaving Clare still hugging my left arm as she loved to do right after I got home from a family trip. Amber wasn’t as affectionate as Clare was but that didn’t mean she didn’t care about me any less. She just had a different way of expressing her feelings--usually with her attitude and more often than not, her fists.“Connor I’m so glad you’re back already. Now you can show Scott here how a real gentleman behaves.” Amber turned and stuck her tongue out at Scott who scowled back at her.I laughed quietly at my friends. We were pretty dysfunctional sometimes but, honestly, that’s what made everything work out. You hear people always saying that opposites go well together. In our case, that would be true. We each had a lot of differences but it just evened things out and made us a perfect group. Like how some of us were calm, some were abusive, and some were jerks every now and then.“Ah, whatever!” Scott yelled at Amber. “Who wants to be a gentleman anyway? Hell, we all know I get more girls than Connor does. No offense, bro.”“None taken,” I said, shaking my head and smiling at him.“Oww! Bitch, what the--what was that for?”Amber had smacked him in the back of his head and she looked pretty smug about it too. “Scott, you’re such a damn pig. Connor could get as many girls as he wanted if he actually tried. And he wouldn’t end up with any of those nasty diseases you get from all those sluts and whores you hook up with.”Scott glared at her as she spoke. “Hey! That was only once--and it was only a scare. I didn’t actually get herpes. Shows how much you know. And it’s not my fault Anna Sagatti has every disease in the book.”“Actually it is your fault, you slut.”I rolled my eyes at their bickering and looked down at my side to see that Clare was doing the same. Marck walked over to me then and gave me a hug.“Hey, boo,” Marck said to me with a smile.To any outsider, hearing Marck call me ‘boo’ probably sounded extremely weird coming from one guy to another, but that was just how he was. Marck was a guy’s guy as well as being perfectly sensitive at the same time. He also had a huge soft spot for me, telling me I was his favourite of our friends. Mostly in a joking manner, but it was still nice to hear.“Dude,” Marck said exasperatedly. “I can only back this guy up so much before it starts to turn into some form of domestic violence between these two, you know? And the ever stoic Gerrior over here,” he pointed at Adam on the other side of Clare, “Never helps me out when these two start tearing at each others throats.”“That’s because I know how to pick my battles, Marck. I’m not standing in the way of Amber when she gets like this. I value my beautiful face,” Adam said seriously.We all laughed at what Adam said. Well, all of us but the two idiots who wouldn’t stop arguing. At this rate the morning bell would go off and we’d all still be standing here on the front lawn like a bunch of fools. We all nodded in agreement as the morning bell rang out across the front lawn.“Looks like we should get going,” I said.Adam and Marck exchanged a glance and moved towards Amber and Scott who were almost nose to nose from the intensity of their argument. I still swear they just need to get a room and stop the talking for once.Adam put his arm around Amber’s waist and steered her in the direction of the main doors. Marck placed both of his hands on Scott’s shoulders and pushed him after them. Clare, still holding onto my left arm with both of hers, and I walked after them, amused.“I really missed you guys, you know?” I said.Clare brushed her brown hair from her dark eyes and smiled up at me. “I know you did. We all missed you just as much, Connor.”I smiled back at Clare and we walked through the front doors. It really was great to be back home. Even if I had to go right back into the monotonous routine of high school.*I was standing at my locker with my friends surrounding me during our twenty minute break after fourth period and I had this feeling that fifth period was going to be really great this semester. I can’t really explain it, but for some reason I was feeling really anxious to get going. I had fifth period with Scott this semester so naturally we’d walk together, and I wanted to go right now.“Scott can we go to class now?” I blurted out of nowhere.My friends were all staring at me with wide eyes. Oops, I guess I had tuned my friends’ banter out so much so that I hadn’t realized I just interrupted them all from whatever they were talking about.Surprised, Scott simply said, “Sure, man.”We said our goodbyes and headed down the hall in silence--which was unusual for the two of us to do.“Connor,” Scott said after a while. “Are you feeling alright today?”“Huh?” I asked distractedly before finally processing what he asked me. “Oh yeah, I’m totally fine. I just really wanted to get to class right away. I’m not really sure why, though...”“Okay, then. As long as you’re not sick or anything,” Scott said, sounding concerned.“Nah, don’t worry about me, I’m fine,” I said with a smile.I walked through the propped-open classroom door after Scott and we walked up to the podium where the seating chart was. I hated it when we had seating charts because they almost always meant that you wouldn’t get to sit next to your friends even if you were lucky enough to finally have a class with one of them.“Damn,” I heard Scott say. “Dude, I’m stuck way up in the second row and I have to sit next to George. He’s so awkward and quiet. Where’s your spot?” he asked me.“Uhm,” I said, inspecting the chart. I mentally smiled as I saw who my desk partner was. “Looks like the back corner with Oliver Danue.”“Perfect,” Scott grumbled. “You’re lucky. He’s completely outgoing. I’ve got an idea. Wanna trade?” he asked hopefully.“You’re joking, right?” I laughed and walked to the back of the room.“Screw you, Samuels. Screw you.”I continued to ignore him and took my seat at the table in the back right corner of the room. It really was pure luck that I didn’t have to sit in the front like Scott had to. And I was even luckier that I got to sit next to someone like Oliver in place of George.Nothing personal against George, but...the guy is the nerdiest kid in the senior class. Not to mention he hardly ever spoke. It would be way hard for a guy like Scott to have a desk partner that reserved because Scott always wanted to talk to someone. Everybody was convinced he had at least a mild case of ADHD but his mom insisted he didn’t. He was just a chatter box all of his own accord.I should have been a good friend and traded spots with him today, though, because I knew that Scott would have enjoyed sitting with Oliver a lot more. But hell, I wasn’t in the mood to let Scott have his way again. At least not today. Today it was my turn to get what I wanted. And weirdly enough, I really wanted to sit next to Oliver.I can’t exactly explain why I wanted Oliver to myself so badly, but the real reasoning for it wasn’t going to be an easy thing to tell anyone. It would be like me having to tell my friends about what actually made my vacation in Sun Valley as great as it was.I couldn’t even imagine how Adam would react if I told him the truth. Yeah, he was one of my closest friends and I knew for a fact that I could trust him with anything. My life, my darkest secrets...I just didn’t want him to treat me any differently than he does now. It’s not that I don’t have faith in him, but I’m not sure Adam would want to stay my best friend if he knew I hooked up with another guy in Idaho.“Connor? Hey, Connor?”I jerked out of my thoughts and focused back on reality to see that Oliver was now sitting next to me at our table.“Oh, crap dude,” I said. “Sorry, I was just...thinking about something.”“No worries,” Oliver said with a smile. His green eyes were shining just as brightly as always.As Oliver turned his attention to his backpack, I gritted my teeth together and rolled my eyes at myself. Really, Connor? Really? Just because you know you’re gay now, it doesn’t mean you have to drool all over Oliver! I yelled at myself. I took in a deep breath and made a mental note to slap myself in the face when I got home later.“So how was your break?” Oliver asked me pleasantly. He was flipping through his notebook, probably looking for a fresh page to start taking notes on.Oliver and I had been going to the same school for the last several years and we were pretty much only acquaintances. We talked when we had classes together or saw each other in the hall, but other than that, we were still hardly considered actual friends--something that I’ve recently discovered I wanted to change.That was why I was startled a little when he asked me how my break was. Because I was glad that he was actually interested enough to start a conversation with me. And given what I actually did over my vacation and how it had made me realize how much I really liked Oliver in particular out of all the people in our school, it made me really nervous to answer that particular question.When I noticed that Oliver still had the majority of his attention on his notebook, I faltered. Of course he wasn’t asking because, magically, he realized he was interested in me and he wanted to know everything about me. No, of course not. He was only asking out of politeness. Because that’s how he was. He was sweet, kind, and polite. And absolutely gorgeous.“So?” Oliver asked me again.This time he was facing me, giving me all of his attention for just that moment. That’s one thing you learn quickly about Oliver. It’s not only rare, but short-lived when he casts his full attention on you. Not because he was an egotist or anything like that, but because he was always so busy and he usually had more important and less trivial things to worry about besides what I had done over my Christmas break.“Oh it was,” I said, planning to go with the generic answer at first but then I changed my mind and paused. I smiled. “It was fantastic. I had a really great time.”Oliver smiled his bright smile at me again. “That’s nice to hear. What was so special about it?”“I just came to a lot of realizations about things,” I said. Like how I know I’m gay and I have huge gay crush on you. “Very eye-opening.”“That sounds really inspirational, Connor. Good for you,” he said, and then he turned back to writing in his notebook.His attention span really wasn’t that long and I probably wouldn’t get much more of a conversation out of him today. But that didn’t really matter so much. What did matter was that he at least listened to me talk at all, which was all I could ask for right now.Right then, Mr. Merlani walked in the door. “Hey class! What’s up guys?”Merlani was the newest addition to our high school’s teaching staff and he was also the youngest. Probably the hottest too. He was fresh out of college and was something like only 23 or 24 years old. He just started teaching here last semester and so far I’ve heard girls blabbing and swooning about how hot he is. Even the guys talked about how cool of a teacher they all thought he was.Scott and I were so stoked when we found out Merlani would be teaching this class because it was required for all seniors to graduate. And no guy in their right minds would be willing take it on their own free will. So it was about time that the administration put somebody fun in charge of it, unlike Old Lady Griggs who used to teach it. She was the grumpiest teacher in the entire school--which makes an already bad class just plain awful.“Alright, welcome to FFPRC. All that stands for is Future Family, Parenting, and Relationship Communications. Honestly its just a too long and unnecessary name for this class so we’re just going to try to avoid saying it as much as we possibly can,” he said. “How does that sound?”Most of the class just laughed at his words and his unusually energetic behaviour so he continued to talk.“So my name is Trevor Merlani and I shall be your beloved guide through the future--or the semester at least. So please just call me Trevor and feel free to come and talk to me any time. Rain or shine, my phone’s always audible,” he said with a grin. “I’d rather hear your voice than see your face. Ya’ll ready to get going?”With no objections, Merlani went back to teaching. Which was really just him telling us all about his life and answering every question the love-struck girls in the class kept asking him.I glanced at Oliver a lot over the fifty minutes of class, and every once in a while he’d notice and look up at me and smile. And every time he did that, I blushed and forced myself to look away. Other than that, we didn’t chat like the rest of the class did. Oliver was far too busy writing in his notebook. A couple times I caught sight of his page and it looked almost like a hand-drawn calendar. Only it was way too marked up and detailed. I guess he really did have his schedule all filled up. I bet he never got any time to himself, the poor guy.Finally the bell rang and the class shot up from their seats as if they were all one being. Everybody but Oliver and I stood up. Instead, Oliver continued to write in his notebook as I closed mine. I leaned over and pulled my bag up from the ground. When I turned back to Oliver, he was putting the cap back on his pen and looking at his page thoughtfully.I glanced at the front of the room and noticed that Scott was leaning against the door frame, looking bored, and staring at me. I ignored him and went back to putting my things in my bag.“So what’ve you got planned for the night, Connor?” Oliver asked.I was once again surprised by him asking me questions like that. I might have been hoping he’d ask me something like that, but that didn’t mean I was actually expecting it to happen. I thought for sure he’d just leave with a simple goodbye or maybe nothing at all.“Me? Oh, well, I’ll probably just be hanging out with my friends like usual. You’re completely welcome to join us if you want,” I offered, somewhat hopeful he’d say yes. “I’m almost positive they wouldn’t mind.”I looked back over to where Scott was standing. The last of our classmates were edging past him and through the door. Two girls in short skirts walked by him and he followed them with his gaze. He even doubled over to try and look up their skirts. Sometimes he could be such a pervert. When he caught me scowling at him, he gave me a defiant look and pointed at his empty wrist before gesturing out the door. I waved him off and focused on Oliver again.Now it was his turn to be surprised by what I said. His eyes widened just barely enough for me to notice. “Wow that sounds really nice. I’d love to—”“Oliver!” some random girl screamed.Oliver and I looked up at the same time to see three girls shoving their way through the door frame. Poor Scott was a casualty to their brutality as they roughly bumped into him. He went stumbling forward and he dropped all of his books. I’d always told him he should use a backpack. Did he ever listen to me, though? ‘Course not. It served him right to have his papers strewn all over the floor.“Oh come on!” Scott growled angrily. “You girls are so lucky that I’m a gentleman or I’d kick your asses for this.”“Shut up,” one of the girls said. Then she led her friends to where we were standing. “Oliver,” she scolded. “You know we had plans for today. Why are you still in here? Who is this kid anyway?” She gave me a dirty look.I didn’t know what to say to that so I just kept my mouth shut. She was actually quite intimidating. I mean, she just ran Scott down like he was nothing. Why did girls always have to be so damn bossy and mean? It’s not like I was doing anything wrong. It wasn’t like I was stealing her man or something. Unless…no, Oliver wouldn’t date a girl as controlling as she was. At least I hoped he wouldn’t.“Relax, Miranda. Connor isn’t doing anything to you so quit judging him, will you?” he said sharply, and then he turned to me. “I’m sorry, Connor. She can be a little….much sometimes.”“Oliver. Student Council meeting? Ring a bell? And we have to prepare for tonight’s school board meeting. And then we have to plan out the budget for this semester’s senior class trip.” She paused and curled her lip up as she inspected me. “We don’t have time for you to waste your breath on ordinary people like him. So we’re going. Now.”Miranda and her two friends grabbed onto Oliver and pulled him away from me. “Sorry,” I heard him mutter. Then he was gone from the room. I could still hear Miranda’s bossy and obnoxious tone floating in from the hall.I sighed in frustration and leaned my head back to stare at the ceiling. I closed my eyes. I knew Oliver was busy and had better things to do, but I didn’t think that involved bitchy girls who treated everyone like they were lowly peasants or something.“Connor?” Scott said.I opened my eyes to see him standing up again, his things put back together in his hands. “Yeah?”“Dude, don’t worry about people like that.” Scott said gently. “Those girls are just psychotic, bitchy, and controlling so don’t pay any attention to them.”I sighed again. “Yeah, and they’re brutes too. Who would’ve thought you of all people would get manhandled by a bunch of unrelenting schoolgirls?” I laughed at the dark look he gave me.“Shut up. Not cool, man.”I couldn’t help but laugh again. To which Scott responded by punching me in the shoulder. He didn’t actually plan to hurt me so the weak punch just made me laugh even more.“Just wait until everyone hears about this one,” I said, tauntingly. I swiftly dodged his next punch--that one looked like it was meant to hurt so I got lucky by missing it--and made my way to the door.“I’ll kick your ass if you don’t keep your mouth shut, Connor,” Scott warned, following after me.“Whatever you say...” I teased as I slipped from the room. I heard him grumble behind me and I grinned.
Chapter 1- That's Hardly Newsworthy
“Aria, we should go and see that new horror movie that comes out tonight,” My best friend, Holland, suggests as we walk into the cafeteria for our lunch period. 
“Which one?” I wonder, barely listening as the delicious smell of chicken nuggets fills the air. I really hate school lunch because usually it’s disgusting, but man, their chicken nuggets are really delicious. Hence their delicious smell.
“Uh, I think it’s called Harlow Avenue?” Holland supplies, walking parallel to me. “It’s ike about this little girl whose parents were weird and demented so they killed her but her pissed off spirit comes back and then she tries to kill everyone on her block.” She explains. “It’s super intense though and rated R.”
“That’s so dumb,” I scoff, rolling my eyes. “I don’t even like paranormal movies.” I remind her.
“Yet you watch Supernatural. Yeah, Aria, that totally makes sense.” Holland sarcastically remarks.
“Hey, that’s only because of Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki,” I defend. “Okay? They’re perfect and sexy and just wonderful and you have no idea what you’re missing by not watching it,” I explicate to my friend.
“Whatever you say,” Holland sings in falsetto as we make our way in the lunch line. We break near the front because, well, the line is long and we only get thirty-five minutes to eat and if we stand in the back of the line approximately twenty-eight of the thirty-five minutes will be spent standing in line. And that’s not okay at all. Therefore, we always break in line near the front. But no one ever really says anything about it.
“Why don’t you go see it with Thomas?” I wonder.
“Because Thomas is with Kate tonight,” She mumbles.
“Holland,” I sigh, giving my friend a stern look.
“What? He said he’ll break up with her tonight.”
Holland and Thomas hooked up like two months ago at Thomas’s eighteenth birthday party, but it was only sex. Neither of them was looking for a relationship or anything from it. Kate is Thomas’s girlfriend, but in Holland’s defense, when she and Thomas had sex that night at the party, Kate and Thomas were on a break.
Yeah, Thomas and Kate are one of those couples. You know the type. The type that’s always either making up or breaking up. Kissing or dissing. An on again, off again couple. I don’t personally know Thomas, really, because he’s kinda popular at our school and I kinda fly under the radar. I do have friends though; I’m not a friendless loser, obviously. But due to the fact that he is not one of my friends, the fact that he doesn’t know if he wants to be with Kate or Holland doesn’t directly affect me. Well, it does Holland of course and she always tells me stuff about the two of them. Everything. Stuff I never wanted to know.
“I just don’t see why you can’t just find someone else,” I shake my head.
“Because I want Thomas,” She whines. “He’s really nice and I really think he likes me, Aria.”
“I’m sure he does,” I agree with a nod. “Just not enough to break up with his girlfriend, right?”
“Let’s talk about something else,” Holland bluntly says, letting out an irritated sigh.
“So, what’d you make on the Physics test?” I ask, promptly changing the subject.
“That test was bullshit; I did bad. Like, really bad.”
“Well, I got a 45%, which is pretty bad.” I claim, smiling to myself as we reach the ordering window. I order my chicken nuggets, Holland her fish tacos- yes, they serve that here. Holland loves them, but I really think they’re disgusting. Like, I’ve only had them once and that’s only because they were out of chicken nuggets, but I swear I spent the entire night throwing up.
“Chace, Chace , Chace!” I screamed through Chace’s tickling, begging him to stop
“That’s right baby say my name,” he teased with a smirk.
I did my best to scowl at him, but the tickling made it too difficult, I probably looked like a demented freak. I thrashed around in his arms trying to get him off me, but it was no use. He was twice my size and had more than twice my strength.
“Stop!” I squeaked out almost positive I was about to pee myself.
“Whoa,” Adam laughed, “Chace Mathews, what are you doing to my little sister?”
“Nothing,” he said in a sing song voice and looked evilly at me.
                                ******************************
Hard to believe that was two months ago. At the end of June my brother Adam and his evil best friend Chace decided to go ‘learn’ by touring the country a bit during summer. And by ’learn’ I mean drink, go to parties, and hook up with girls. It’s not like I could stop them. My parents were never home.
But a lot had changed since two months ago.
Firstly I lost a lot of weight. I’m talking like twenty five pounds and I got a light tan. I let my hair grow out. It’s long, wavy locks were now flowing far down my back. I’d also dyed my hair from blonde to dark brown. There was now a tattoo low on hip that read ‘AMOR’. The basics were the same though. My eyes were still a piercing blue, my features were still soft, and I still had long legs, making me look taller than I was. I still had curves too. They were just in better places now.
I shook my head, forgetting about the past, and jumped into the pool. It was a little cool considering it was the end of August, but I loved it anyway. It felt like I spent days in the pool, but it was more likely an hour.
I was just about to get out when two giant splashes occurred on both sides of me. Two arms grabbed my torso and another two grabbed my legs drowning my under the water. This is it, I thought, I’m going to die, goodbye cruel world.
Suddenly I was released and swam to the top as quickly as possible, grateful to still have my life, with the two bodies following behind me. I backed up against the edge of the pool and let my hair hang in my face.
“What are you doing in my pool?” a voice I recognized all too well asked.
“Adam!” I yelled and, after pushing my hair back to show it was me, jumped onto him in a hug, “Why didn’t you tell me you were coming home today?”
“Skye?” he asked in disbelief.
“What happened to you?” Chace mused inappropriately and Adam let go of me.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I asked irritably getting easily offended by whatever words slipped out of Chace Mathews’ mouth. The guy always loved to torcher me.
“He means you look really different,” Adam clarified.
“Good different?” I asked Adam not concerned with Chace’s response even though his eyes were wide.
“You look really pretty Skye,” Adam smiled and I grinned back.
He swam to the side of the pool, climbed out and grabbed my towel. He dried himself and announced that he was going to unpack. Then he left.
“What?” I snapped when I noticed Chace staring at me with an odd expression.
“Did you forget to feed yourself while we were gone?” he smirked.
I glared at him, what was he trying to say? I didn’t work for this body? Because I worked for this body.
“No,” I told him angrily and hopped onto the edge of the pool, “Can you just go away?”
Chace moved into my already spread legs, his face at my height, and leaned into me, “Skye, you should know by now I won’t do that.”
His perfect abs were nearly pressed onto me and I felt slightly embarrassed as I wondered what his blonde hair and tan skin would feel like against me. I looked away from his beautiful hazel eyes and grimaced.
“You are the most infuriating human on Earth,” I growled.
“I’ll give you five seconds to take that back,” he threatened with his cocky smirk still in place.
I shook my head and he pulled me into the water with him. Dunking me under and then letting me back up.
I crossed my arms over my chest, too furious to even deal with him. I stormed out of the pool. It wasn’t until I got on the ladder with my back facing him and uncrossed my arms that I noticed.
“Skye!” he called and I turned around slightly making sure to cross my arms again, “Catch!”
He shot my yellow bikini top at me and it fell directly onto my breasts.  I blushed, turning scarlet red. No matter how much I hated him I had to admit all those years of football certainly gave him great aim.
A/N: I hoped you liked it! I kind of liked writing it better than my old story so tell me what you think. Comment, vote, and fan! :)
Crossing the limits..© 2015.
By mikaelanay.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher. 
PLEASE DO NOT COPY IT.
**********The first chapter will be posted on October 21st.
Give it a chance. Keep Reading.
Love ya all :)
Hello to all of my new readers that now decided they want to read this story. You will now notice that all the chapters that I haven't put EDITED on, obviously still have a lot of errors. 
One of them being when I always spelt it "beeing". It has annoyed me so much right now, but I will get to fix it when this story is complete. <3 Also there probably are a bit many grammar errors, because english isn't my first nor second language. And I wrote this when I was a bored 14/15 year old, so 3 years ago.
Anyway, hope you guys can bear with the mistakes and still enjoy it further on. I will try to fix them whenever I have time, Thank you! :D
Previously written on the account: @3Storiesdeep, is now new and improved by the writers of @TheWriteKind. If you've read this story before, you're in for quite a lot of change. (i.e. Characters, names, and plots have been altered.) But the overall plot of the book has stayed the same. We wanted to redo this because we fill as if our writing skills have somewhat improved since when we first began updating on @3Storiesdeep and we want to do a better job. With that being said, we hope you enjoy this book.
READ.
COMMENT. 
VOTE.
FOLLOW.
Xx.TheWriteKind
|Content may contain but not limited to: Sexual content, drug and alcohol abuse, strong language, and violence.|
Copyright © 2015
                                                                                  Lucy's p.o.v
Lately things have been going down hill for me. When ever I get dirty looks. If i said i don't know why I would b telling a lie. It's all my fault. It happened a little bit after the guild was brought back together. (a/n: spoiler if ya have not read up to chapter 437 in the manga)
           I had just gotten through the shock of losing Yukino. she was on a mission with Sting, Rouge,  and Minerva. When a mind control mage turned Sting, Rouge, and Minerva against her. Well lets just say things got ugly and we lost her. I was almost as bad as sting . But they had a thing so he was worse. Anyways back to the story at hand.
         Natsu had decided that me greiving with Sting was something more. So he started to avoid me, any time we went on a job or hung out in the guild he would say nasty things about me. Eventually almost everyone else started to hate me. I'm so stupid if I had not been with Sting so much i would still have my friends. I would still have Natsu.
      Soon after that i was kicked of Team Natsu, I was so upset i became depressed. I never went on jobs any more. I eventually lost my apartment, I became homeless. But i was still so depresseed i didn't really care, in fact it only made me more depressed. and because no one liked me no one let me in. Happy tried to help by inviting me to him and Natsu's house. but that only made Natsu more mad at me. I shuddered at the memory.
_____________________________________________________________________________
"Happy what the hell are you thinking" Natsu shouted at the already crying exceed.
"I..I..I'm sorry nat-zu she needed a place to stay, it's so cold outside." happy cried.
" Like I give a shit. I will not have this skank in my house." Natsu yelled with rage. Happy flinched." Get out of my house Lucy Heartfilia, you can freeze to death for all i care".
He pushed me out the door, making me land in the cold snow, and slamed the door in my face.
_____________________________________________________________________________
I've got nothing left here. No friends, No home , No money. It's time for me to go. I erase the pink guild mark off my hand and go.
Prologue:
It felt lik every bone in my body was broken. lik every nerve was busted. my paranoia ran deep and high. why is the man of my dreams, my soul mate, my husband doing this to me. what did I do. why is this happening to me. As my husband continued to beat on me with his heavy fist. Everything begins to grow dark.
Dedication to jules130 who told me to post it, plus helped me pick the title - it was an interesting experience XD - and made the cover which is awesome!  By the way, I'm slowly rewriting the first chapters because I wrote these years ago and never got around to it, so bare with me until about chapter nineteen I think it is when I start writing for real! I really hope you like it!
“C’mon Hales!” Keely complained, digging her heels into the ground. The crowd around them was screeching with excitement, making her wince from the high pitches. Every other moment a wild boney elbow would catch her in passing, making her grimaces worsen as the crowd jostled them back and forth.
“Do we really have to do this?” she continued on after a short pause, her voice becoming just short of whiney.
The girl who was tugging her by the hand sent a bright expression over her shoulder, her dark eyes twinkling with excitement. “Yes we do!”
Unable to help herself, Keely gave one of the girls they were passing an incredulous look, seeing tears running down her face. Were tears really needed at this point? It wasn’t like they were going to see The Rolling Stones! “And why is that?!” asked she for what felt like the fiftieth time in the past hour, ducking to avoid the “Number One Marissa James’ Fan!” sign that gave a dangerous swing in her direction.
“I already have the tickets,” answered Haley cheerfully, waving them in the air with one of her perfectly manicured hands. Keely didn’t need to look at her hands to know they mimicked her best friend’s at the moment; it hadn’t been long since she’d been dragged to have a manicure. But the simple truth of the matter was, her hands were not made to be worked on every moment, they had much more important things to be doing. Not that anyone knew.
“You might want to stop doing that,” she observed, cringe when a high heel stabbed into her foot. She couldn’t hear the crunch of the bones, but she did feel it very clearly. “On second thought,” Keely added, limping along behind her friend, “Keep doing it.”
Haley just rolled her eyes, handing the tickets to the man at the front doors of the stadium for both of them.
“Can we back out now?” she enquired, not shameful at the hopeful tone in her voice as they were battered through the glass doors. Keely was finding her love of little children was not growing with the more time she spent around them, definitely not.
“You agreed, it’s my birthday present Keels! You’ll just have to suffer through the concert.”
“But all the music is so bad! So bad that the thought of lighting myself on fire and jumping off a cliff doesn’t seem that bad as long as I don’t have to go to this concert,” she rambled. Haley had begun dragging her through the crowd again; the screaming hadn’t stopped, but was only intensified by the enclosed space. “I still don’t know how you can listen to this fake, soulless crap that they call music,” Keely added, thinking longingly of her Bob Dylan record that was still in her record player in her bedroom.
“Say that a little louder and you won’t have a tongue to insult the band anymore,” Haley pointed out, sending wary glances about them in case someone decided to attack. “Anyways, you just have to sit through the concert, it’s not like you’ll have to meet them one day. And as long as you don’t start booing, you’ll make it out of here alive and make your best friend happy. All will be right in the world!”
Giving a deep sigh, Keely stepped up, wrapping her arm around the shoulder of her friend who stood just a hair shorter than she. “True,” she admitted, sending a furtive look to the girl who pranced by them wearing a Marissa James shirt from the tour. “But if I do start booing, then I’ll be attacked by ten year olds then be rushed to the hospital, therefore missing this concert and I’ll be saved from sitting on the floor where I’ll most probably meet my death.”
	Sabi nila kapag na-in love ka raw sa isang tao, dito na raw magsisimula ang totoong problema. 
	Gaano nga ba kahirap maging "girlfriend" ng isang campus heartthrob? 
	Matalino siya, ikaw hindi. Mayaman siya, ikaw hindi. Magandang nilalang siya, ikaw hindi. Perfect siya, ikaw hindi.
	Nasabi ko na rin bang mayroon siyang crazy fan girls na handa kang sugurin kapag open ang depensa mo? At ang pinakamalala sa lahat, mayroon siyang "super ideal" dream girl type ex-girlfriend. Samantalang ikaw, isa ka lamang patatas, anti-social at babaeng ni hindi man lang pumasa sa category ng "tao standards" sa mga tao sa school.
	Ano bang laban ko? Sino ba ako? Kaya lang naman ako napansin ng mga tao sa school dahil sa kabobohan ko sa Facebook at dahil sa pagkakadikit ko sa mga pinakasikat na estudyante sa school. Sino ba ako kumpara kay Mia? Ano bang laban ko sa kanya?
	Makayanan ko pa rin kaya na maging TG ng isang Kaizer Buenavista kung buong mundo na ang nagsasabi na hindi talaga kami bagay sa isa't-isa? Hanggang saan nga ba tatagal ang isang "tag relationship?" Sapat nga ba na mahal namin ang isa't-isa o...
	Dito pa lang magsisimula ang tunay na hamon sa nagsimula sa pagkakamaling relasyon namin na ito?

Author's Note:
	Konnichiwa! Anneyeong haseyo! Anong problema mo? LOL!
	Una sa lahat, gusto kong pasalamatan ang mga TAGGERS na walang sawang sumusuporta sa story nila Kaizer at Sitti mula umpisa hanggang dito sa Book 3 (wutwut!) Sana hindi kayo magsawa sa pagpapakita ng support sa story nila at sa pagbibigay ng iyong komento sa istorya. Oo. Hayok sa comment ang author na ito at nagmamaldita sa mga tamad magko-comment pero vote nang vote (LOL) Saka sa mga bumili pala ng book, thank you! Tag niyo ko sa FB guys! Saka sa mga solid maingay sa comment box ng MTB from Book 1 to end ng Book 2, ay nako! Pamilyar na sa akin mga usernames niyo kaya thank you! Yes! Season 3 na! Parang dati lang ang tigas pa ng pagkakasabi ko na WALANG BOOK 3 ang MTB. Pero tingnan niyo ngayon nasa Book 3 na siya. Taray 'di ba? (LOL) Wala eh! Gano'n talaga. Mahaba pa ang lalakbayin ng kwento nila Kaizer at Sitti ang dami pang mangyayari. Ang dami pang mare-reveal na something-something at s'yempre, mawawala ba d'yan 'yong KAISITTI MOMEMNTS? At s'yempre 'yong still pa-mysterious OP ni Kaizer sa FB. Si Mobi nga kaya talaga 'yon o ibang tao? Anong nangyari kay Sitti sa ending ng Book 2? May mamatay ba sa kwentong ito? ABANGAN!
	P.S. Wala pang exact date kung kailan ma-a-update ang Season 3. Kaya hintay muna tayo. Madami pa akong tatapusin na other on goings. Kung gusto niyo, while waiting na ma-update 'to, basahin niyo rin other stories ko (Kekeke!)
Daniel Pov:
Ella era tan pequeña, linda y tierna. Una de las chicas más tímidas que pude ver en la universidad.
Andaba sola en las horas de receso, siempre mirando al suelo, como hacía para verse tan hermosa sin ni siquiera intentarlo.
Tan distinta a las demás simplemente era la mujer de mis sueños.
Jane Pov:
Tener que fingir que todo está bien. No mirarlo por tener miedo de que se enoje conmigo y me haga pagar las consecuencias, eso, era algo que me atormentaba día tras día.
Cameron, para todas, el chico perfecto, el amor de sus vidas, chico popular, guapo y hermoso.  Detrás de ese rostro angelical hay un completo monstruo, un maldito golpeador. Y sí, ese chico es mi pareja.
Me toma como juguete sexual, una mierda, o como siempre me dice su maldita propiedad.
Luego de la muerte de mis padres, me dejaron a cargo de los padres de Cameron, los cuales siempre viajan, nunca están casa.
Lo vida tormentosa de una adolescente de 17 años entre golpes, maltratos y muchas otras cosas.
Después de tormenta llega un hermoso arco iris. Lo que no sabía era que ese arcoíris sería un pequeño bebé
Amelia Dawson (Emma Watson)
Sebastian Colfax (Grant Gustin)
Charlie Dawson (Andrew Garfield)
Poppy Watson (Candice Patton)
William Ashford (Matt Czuchry)
Danny DaSilva (Kekoa Kekumano)(I tried to find a good picture where he was wearing a shirt. Honest) 
Minor CharactersReynolds King (Chace Crawford) 
Harry Worthington (Rupert Graves) 
Prologue (Parker's POV)
Cuts, bruises and burns are all things that everybody expects to obtain accidentally at one point or another. Whether it’s the result of tripping over a branch in the woods, touching a hot kettle as a kid, or falling off your bike - everybody has those tiny scars.
As the time passes, the scars usually fade into oblivion, and you can never recount the memories that went along with them.
But my scars won’t disappear.
My physical scars might fade as the years pass, but the emotional scars and the memories attached to them will never be able to be erased.
I’ll never be able to forget how I got my first bruise. I’ll never forget the menacing look in my father’s eyes as he attacked me over and over… a defenseless little boy who supposedly ruined his life.
*******************************************
I realize that this is extremely short, but it sets up the story perfectly and I feel like it has to be included. Also, this prologue is in Parker’s point of view, but for most of the novel I will be focusing on Jillian’s point of view (who will be the female protagonist in this novel). This novel will also be a lot more lighthearted than it seems, so don’t turn away if you think it won’t be funny and cute at the same time as the serious stuff sets itself up in the background.
For anybody reading this story, I just have to say that abuse is not a topic to be taken lightly, and although it plays a part in this novel, it is not a subject that is approached for entertainment. Some parts of this novel will be darker than my other works, but it will also focus on a girl and a guy helping each other, creating a relationship that can fight against anything.
I hope you all enjoy this story, and I hope to upload the first chapter in the next week :)
This book contains spelling errors and possibly incorrect grammar because this story was not re-read or edited.
HEADS UP: I WROTE THIS BOOK WHEN I WAS LIKE 13 AND IT'S MY FIRST ONE SO I DON'T THINK IT WAS WELL THOUGHT OUT.
I take no credit for the picture on the cover. I simply find a photo on Google and edit words onto it.
THIS IS MY NEW BOOK!!!Remember to...Comment,vote,sharePic of tori------------------------------------------------------
*tori pov*
"come on tori! Help me put this thing in the kitchen!" my mom yelled from our new house
Hi, my names tori and im a senior...my life is a secret....im was a nerd in my last school...i want to change and that's what I'm going to do...im sick of people thinking they control me!
So I'm going to make my last year in high school worth it...
"coming!" i said hoping out the truck and walking to my mom...
"so were do we start" i said smiling...
My mom is awsome...she had me early...she was about 16...she threw her life to keep care of me and i owe her for that...shes my best friend
"honey i got that thing in the kitchen so you can start on your room. The movers already put your things in your room so just go unpack" she said moving a box
"k" i said walking up to my room...wait...which one is my room?
Greattt..thank you mother!
So i right now im opening every door to see if i can fine my room...my mom said that she had this person design my room
My mom knows about me wanting to change so she changed how my room looks
I walk threw this door...and i see this room and i dont know what to say...its awsome!
"you like it?" i turn around to see my mom
"like it! I love it!" i said hugging my mom
"thank you mom!" i said still hugging her 
"your welcome..." she said
///Next Day///
Today I decided I wanted to go to the mall to get a few more outfits for school and stuff
I start getting ready.... I put on my white v-neck shirt and black leather high waisted shorts....
I put on white converse. I just put mascara and eyeliner.
Ok, i didnt really were make up at my lasf school. I only wore it if i had to...but now i do
I grab my phone and my money and put it in my pocket and head out
///At Mall///
I park my car (grey jeep)and head in...
First I always have to get my Starbucks....
What?! It's good!
I then head to forever 21,Wet seal, Aeropostale, vans, and Claire's to get some little things for my outfits
I so tired! I've been shopping for like...5 hours?!
Shit! I need to get home!
Today was Sunday and guess why I have Tomorrow...
My first day of school! Yeaa
Note of sarcasm....
Let's see how this first day goes....
This book has been published and the last chapters have been taken down for copyright reasons :( Make sure to remember that if you choose to keep reading.
******************************************
 Chapter One: Some Bad News
 + Evelyn Jo +
"Do you think he's dead or unconscious?" I turned to look at Drake, whom had his hand over his chin; skeptically looking at the middle-aged man sprawled on the ground, motionless.
We were on our way to go get some delicious food, when we found this guy in an alleyway near by. He had a business suit on, but his tie - which used to be light blue - was now covered in dirt and dry blood.
That's when Drake just kicked the guy without another possible hesitation. He kicked him hard, and right on the stomach, making the guy roll over to his side.
We all stood silent for a second, as the other two guys of our little group - Ian and Darrel - were inching closer to hear the man in case he made any human sound at all.
The man groaned after a few seconds, and Drake gave an approving look. "Alright, unconscious. So alive, but barely." He walked around the man now, his hands linked together behind him. As if he were in a conference or something. I wanted to roll my eyes at him, but I only smiled a little. "What should we do with this guy then?"
"I say we kill him," Ian immediately said, not skipping a single beat. He shrugged right afterwards, as if it was no big deal that we would be killing a guy that already seemed to be on his deathbed by now.
"Psh, I say; we take out everything he has that is actually valuable, and then dump the helpless body in that dumpster," Darrel suggested, as if it was obvious that it was the best idea ever invented. He also pointed to the huge, green dumpster put on the side. But you couldn't miss the huge thing.
"K, Darrel's idea it is," Drake didn't even seem to think about it twice. He motioned for Ian and Darrel to get to work, as he turned and stared at me. I bit my lip and crossed my arms over my chest, just as he came up to me to put his arm around me. "Cold?"   I shook my head, watching Ian grabbing the guy by the arms and pulling him up in a sitting position, while Darrel checked all of his pockets; finding a golden watch, a wallet, and some tickets.
"Wrestling tickets!?" Darrel yelled excitedly, as he and Ian high-fived each other. I couldn't help but  laugh at the two idiots. Good thing there were actually 4 tickets, though. We all loved going to wrestling tournaments. Considering these guys wrestled too, and even had the time to show me a few moves.
Coincidence that there were enough tickets for all of us? I think not.
"Scared?" I scoffed at Drake's question, just as he slid his hands to rest on my waist, pulling me closer so our stomachs could touch.
"I don't even think we should get so involved. We just saw him, what if we get into trouble when we technically didn't really do any damage to him?"
"Oh Eve," Drake smirked, pinching my chin lightly as I moved my head away, raising one eyebrow at him. "You always make it sound so difficult. You've been in this group for quite a while now - you shouldn't question what we do with the people we find on the ground, like this guy."
I thought about it. What we do to people is way, way worse, but I couldn't help but wonder what person - or people - did this to this particular guy. And why they did it...
"I always wondered," Ian came up to us, eating some French fries from a bag. I gave him a disgusted face. Where the hell did he find those? In an alleyway? Ugh, boys... "Why we never called our little 'social group' a gang."
   PROLOGUE 
Nasa akin na lahat, na di alam ng iba.Yung hinahangaan nila,ako yun.Kaso kahit na nasa akin na lahat,may kulang pa rin talaga,may pangarap pa rin ako na gusto kong matupad.
.
Lahat naman ng pangarap natin,gustong gusto nating matupad.
Sino ba namang hindi diba?
Lahat ng inisip natin,gustong-gusto nating maganap.
Pero 
Kapag puso na mismo ang nagdikta,wala ka ng magagawa kundi sundin 'to.
Diyan ako nagsimulang mangarap na baka balang araw,
MAPANSIN AT
MAHALIN NYA AKO,
Diyan rin nagsimulang ibinigay ko lahat,kahit mga masasakit na salita mula sa kanya, tiniis ko.Miski pang aalipusta ng iba,binaliwala ko.
Yung makitang iba ang kasama nya at hindi ako,di ko pinansin yun.
Kasi nga pursigido ako,na baka maganap lahat.
Kaso darating pa rin talaga yung araw na ikaw na mismo ang susuko,sa kabila ng pangarap mong SANA AKO NA LANG na walang katuparan.
Sa pagsuko ko,sana bumaliktad ang lahat.Yung AKO noon,IKAW na ngayon.
.
.
"Tuyong tuyo na yung mga luha ko,pigang piga na yung puso ko kaya kahit awa o panghihinayang na mawala ka,baka hindi na muling mangyari pa.Kasi noong ginawa ko iyon,binaliwala mo lang."       — Aly Montereal
.
"Ganun talaga kapag manhid ka,hindi mo namamalayan yung mga tao sa paligid mo kung sino pa yung mga nagmamahal sayo,dahil nasa isang tao lang ang atensyon mo.But this time,di ko na hahayaang mangyari pa muli ito."                 — Lex Chua
----*HELLO 👋😃 
Unang story ko po ito sana magustuhan nyo . Ung kalahati po ng kwento na yan ay totoo dahil hango sa buhay natin ,ang mangarap na mapansin ka niya,kahit impossible.Kumbaga common ang UMASA'T MANGARAP.
Kaya mahugot na kaagad HAHAHA :) I'm only 15 yrs.old kaya yun na yun .
Sana wag nyo ko iBash hah baet ako :) Sorry na po pala kaagad sa mga wrong typos :) . Okeeyyy ENJOY
#RishiLesioussss
PLEASE VOTE AND COMMENT.THANKS.
Armani p.o.v
"Armani I don't even know why you try you'll never amount to shit." My wonderful mother stated.
"Momma why would you even say some foul ass shit like that to me." I said slamming my hands on the dinner table. We all came together to celebrate my brother engagement with his long time girlfriend Tammy. Now she pull some fuck shit like this.
Let me put y'all on point on why she acts like this towards me. See my momma has four kids. My oldest brother Jerome then my older twin sister Shandice and Candice and finally me. Jerome and the twins have the same father the man she is currently married too but me she decided to have a one night stand and I came as the finish product. So she has a grudge against me.
My siblings and their dad always stick up for me but she ignores them. I try so hard not to lash on her since she birth me but now she running the fuck out.
"Momma what you saying is out of line." Jerome said with everyone agreeing with him she waves him off.
"What I'm saying is true so hush all that noise." She said scoffed and waved him off. You know what...
"You know what I'm sick of you always trying put Someone down. I'm tired of all the emotional and verbal abuse you put against me. I did nothing to you not my fault you a hoe I ain't tell you to spread your legs open like a damn book. Starting today don't say shit else to me I HATE YOU!!" I said yelling out the last part with tears coming out my eyes. 
Grabbing my things I walked out the dinning room and out the house to my car. Someone grabbed my arm I turnt around and saw that it was Jerome and the twins.
"Mani you okay?" Candice ask hugging me then Jerome and Shandice soon join and I continue to cry on Candice shoulder.
"I just don't understand what I did to her she put me through so much. I hate her she lucky I aint say what I really wanted to say." I said wiping my tears.
"Man you don't hate her choices she made is pretty fucked up but you speaking out of anger." Jerome said rubbing my back.
"No Jerome its some fuck up shit in the past she did to me and I dead as hate her but I only tolerate her for y'all but today is the last day for that shit but imma go home okay. Y'all enjoy dinner and we can meet up for lunch tomorrow okay." I said they all nodded their heads and watch me get in the car and pull off.
The silence was killing me so I decided to listen to the radio and Jeremih x Oui was on.
Nodded my head to the song in no time I was home. As soon as I was about to take off my clothes my bestfriend Jasmine called. I answered.
Jasmine😍👭: Hey bestie how was the dinner?
Mani😘🍑:Girl it was good until my momma tired it 
So I sat there and explained the whole dinner disaster to her.
Jasmine😍👭: Damn Gina out her damn mind disrespecting you like that. But I know exactly what will cheer you up.
Mani😘🍑:what?
Jasmine😍👭: Going out to the club and drink the night away.
Aubrey Marie Moore . She has brown hair, dark brown eyes, long legs, and a beautiful smile everyone loves. She is sweet and gets good grades. She meets Alec Reyes and she knows all about him. He's the player, badboy, and a hottie. Aubrey becomes closer and closer to Alec and soon develops feelings, but she doesn't know what they are. Friends? Or more? (Aubrey below)
Alec Reyes . He is the typical badboy. He sleeps around with different girls all the time, but soon one girl next door could change his ways and maybe he will settle down? He has light brown hair, nice fair tan skin, and gorgeous brown eyes. And a perfect face to make every girl melt. He starts becoming closer with Aubrey. Will he change his ways? (Alec below)
Nó
Ji
Yun
Kull
Hắn
Jin
Yin
Ken
Sabi nila libre lang ang mangarap,
Tanong ko lang libre ka ba?,Pangarap kasi kita eh.
Alright guys!  Here's my new story!  The first part has a little pg-13 action going on, but it's not all going to be like that.  It's just building the plot up!!!  Hope you like it!
***********************************************************************************
                Stumbling down the hall way, I try to keep my steps quite so I won’t wake up everyone else who is sleeping who are not being forced to go down to the kitchen to get a glass of water to wash down a nightmare.  It’s the same thing every time: the night my dad left.  I’ve managed to stop waking up screaming, but still, I have to walk it off if I hope of getting anymore sleep for the night, and since it is only one o’clock, my butt is going back to bed or else! 
                Even though my senses are acute from having the heart-racing wakeup call and my feet have finally found a steady, straight rhythm, it is still really dark; so when I get to the steps at the end of the hall, I forget that there are three steps instead of two which leaves me sprawled out on the floor because of my miscalculation.
                I lay there breathless as I listen to make sure my loud thump from my fall didn’t wake any one up because I so do not want to explain this whole situation to anyone.  Slowly, I crawl to my knees and eventually my feet.  I can feel the welts rising on my knee and a little blood dripping down my palm.  Great, all I can hope is that none got on the floor because I sure can’t see well enough to clean it up. 
                Finally, I manage to make it to the kitchen without further damaging myself or my surroundings, but I just stand there like an idiot because I can’t remember the layout of the kitchen sense they re-modeled it last week.  Could this task get any more difficult?  I feel like freaking Harry with the horcruxes!  Alright this isn’t going to be difficult, just find a wall.  My hand connects with something hard, but its’ weird.  Do they make heated walls?  Well, this is the twenty-first century after all.  I run my hand up a little so that my hand is at a level where a light switch would normally be, but on the way up, the surface isn’t smooth; it has deep crevices.  What the heck?  It’s moving under my hand!  I jump back, and by doing so, I land straight on my rump.
                Light fills my vision, momentarily blinding me.  Now my eyes and my butt hurt.  This is the worst trip to get water ever.  I think it’s one for the history books.  Just as I thought it couldn’t get any worse, Cameron slowly fades into my vision as the momentary blindness subsides.  Please tell me he just got here.  He must have because if he didn’t that means that I was rubbing his chest and no one has a chest that defined.  Only models have chests that defined and half of them are air brushed.
                The look on his face tells me that I did just rub my hand over his impossibly perfect chest.  That’s it I can’t control my embarrassment any more as the blush lights up my face like a red light which only gets brighter when he loses control himself and his smirk turns into full blown laughter.  At least his volume is able to shake me out of my daze, as I jump up and cover his mouth with my hand until he finally calms down enough for me to remove it.
                Only now that it is completely silent, I feel the awkwardness of the situation slip in.  I mean I just groped Cameron, my best friend’s brother, in his kitchen.  I can feel the blush sinking in as I scooch away from him and slide onto the nearest bar stool.  Still neither of us says anything; we are just looking at each other.  God, he is good looking.  I mean it makes sense does make sense; Maria, my best friend, is drop dead gorgeous.  Of course, anyone related to her has to be good looking, but he goes beyond good looking, he is a hot sexy ball of yumminess with his black hair that falls into his bright arctic blue eyes that are accentuated by a strong jaw line and a crooked nose that looks like it might have once been straight if it weren’t for it being broken once or twice.  Somehow that crooked nose only adds to his sexiness; probably because it shows that he doesn’t really care enough to get it straightened like so many guys at our school.  He’s comfortable with who he is because he knows he is sexy as hell.
(Copyright) © 2011 Candle_Ice
[[!!]] Disclaimer: All photobucket slideshows/ photos from those slides AND Youtube trailer are compliments of the amazing SamRider [[!!]] ... =) <3
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Blurb:
 When Elise Van Hastening got a request to chat with 'prince_charming01,' she never expected him to be the real Prince Charming!
Prince Leonidas Erland De Van Wells was the Crown Prince of Elyria, and was the most sought after bachelor in the world. But according to tradition only an Elyrian can sit on the throne and be the ruler. So every single Elyrian female of marriageable age was constantly seeking him out. In his teen years Leonidas was quite happy for the female attention, but the time has come for him to choose a bride and there's no hopeful prospect. 
Every female who he talks to sees his crown and title and not who he is as a person. He has seen that marriage to a total stranger for the sake of duty and country made both his grandparents unhappy. He wasn't looking for love, he was looking for marriage to someone who he respects as an equal and can rule by his side without any hesitation, and can have intelligent conversations with. A marriage like his parents had, where the love came eventually.
With his twenty fifth birthday approaching in six months time, Leonidas had to move fast, so he turned to the world wide web for help. He entered a local chat room and came across Elise, a nineteen year old, head strong university student who had a strong opinion about the Crown Prince, but liked her pen pal. What happens when she realises that prince_charming01 and Prince Leonidas are the same?  
Can Leonidas convince this feisty lady to marry him and rule by his side? The clock's ticking and Leonidas was never one to walk away from a challenge. Especially with the obstacles of a certain Royal Elder!
           ***********************************
 Please don't advertise ur stories in my comment areas! 
Author's noteRemember that this is a book which was made for people that are "Open Minded." Happy reading.  ^.^ 
"I wish that I could ." ~Kaitlin Jackson
Chapter 1----------------------
I was sitting in my room writing a letter, but not just any ordinary letter it was also known as "the worst possible way to confess." According to my friends anyway. I was doing this while listening to the radio station called "Kiss on Kiss." Samantha and I have connected for the pass year, her own testimony is the exact opposite of mine.
"Welcome to Kiss on Kiss in New York," she said.
"I, Samantha, will host today's show, please relax and enjoy the show for the next four hours." She said.
"In fact, recently I went to go see a fortune-teller, she told me that there's an opportunity for me to fall in love, but that I'll lose that opportunity in result of closing my heart. That's impossible, right?" She asked, I was still in the process of writing my letter sure enough my hand was getting tired. I had a dictionary with me so that I wouldn't mess up a single word, I even looked up the letters of my own name. I'm smart I know.
"What I need is courage to tell him about my feelings. Its true that you need courage for that, have you ever done such a thing before?" Samantha asked. I just sighed knowing I was in that type of situation right now. Will he read it and smile? I don't know. Will he throw it away? I don't know. Will he bully me? I don't know.
"So tonight I'd like to hear your stories." I yawned because it was currently 11:36pm in New York. I hit my limit, I raised the volume of the radio, and put my pen down. I walked up to my bed.
"Right! We have a great view of the meteor shower tonight!" I was curious to see the stars, so I opened my curtains, and there they were, beautiful shootings stars all over the place. Even though up close they're nothing but clouds of gas. They glistened with confidence, and just like that everyone falls in love with them.
"It is rare to see them in New York's sky." Samantha said. Well of course the pollution here is horrible. We get lucky if we could see the sky period.
"You guys know that you can make your desires come true if you wish upon a shooting star; so why don't you tell the shooting stars tonight about your feelings for that special someone?" She said. I wove my hands together and said.
"I wish that I could tell Nick about my feelings for him, tomorrow morning." I opened my eyes three shooting stars passed by. Not many were left by now. I sighed and sat down, of course I had a mental fight with myself. Why can't I just forget about him and find someone I actually talk to? I shook my head. It has to be him. This was the first time I felt like this. You know what they say, you never forget your first love.
Early the next morning
I woke up at 6:30 today and I got ready with my school uniform that was just: a plain blue skirt; with a white collared shirt; a dark blue sweater; and white shoes. I ended up at school around 7:18am. Did I eat breakfast? I knew the answer to that question when my stomach attacked my body. Once I got to school my destination was the bike parking area, as I walked through the school's gate. I passed the sign that read Mid wood High school, and waited for Nick to enter the school's gate. I saw that my hands were sweating, so I tried not to hold the letter so tightly. Everyday I would wait to see Nick walk through the gate, as he passed by I would be happy just seeing him smile. 
About 6 minutes later
Students finally started to enter the gates. Very slowly one student entered, then two, and soon there were about 20 people here. I kept hearing people say hi to each other, but I didn't care at all, their voices soon got over toned when I heard my favorite voice say Good Morning to his friend Will. 
I smiled like a fool. I could feel my cheeks getting flustered. He had an affect over me that even the boogeyman would be scared.
"You're early today." Will said to Nick. They had a very brief conversation , I was getting impatient. What if Will doesn't give me a chance to talk to him?
 " Yeah. See you." Nick said, parting ways from Will. Yes! I could feel the adrenaline rushing through my veins just like blood. As I started to walk.
This was my chance he was finally alone. I repeatedly exposed the content of my letter in my head, it was driving me nuts. 
'Dear Nick Louis, nice to meet you. I am Kaitlin Jackson from Class F (keep in mind in this school kids are ranked by grade scores Class F is the lowest class). You wouldn't know who I am, but I know who you are. From the first time I saw you a feeling burst in me, this also happens when I see you playing tennis...' After I finished revising the letter, I took in a deep breath and started to slowly make my way to Nick, until I was 1 meter in front of him, he stopped, triggering words to spill out my mouth, okay well I exaggerated. Making sounds spill out of my mouth.
"Um.." Was what I managed to say to him.
"Who are you?" He asked. Clearly annoyed.
"I'm Kaitlin Jackson," I stated very nervously, fidgeting with my thumbs. "Would you read this?" I asked, extending my hand out. I could sense people staring at me. I like....you is what I get rehearsing in my head. I could hear my heart beating rapidly for him to just take the letter, if our hands touch I'm sure I would fain-.
"I don't need it." He said. Those were not the words I was expecting to hear. The letter flew out of my hands. It landed right  in front of me. My "classmates" stepped on my first love letter, the piece of paper that I loved so much, the tree that died to supply me with a paper that wasn't appreciated at all.
All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2014. - wallxflowxer
Timeline:Published: July 31, 2014Finished: January 8, 2015
Here is the cast for the story!
Lily Collins as Jasey Eldridge
Francisco Lachowski as Hunter Smith
Britt Robertson as Lilly Bradshaw
William Peltz as Reese Eldridge
Matt Lanter as Grant Eldridge
Hayden Panettiere as Jasmine Bradshaw
Hugh Jackman as Bo Eldridge
Jennifer Garner as Amanda 
[I came up with the idea for this story, I did not copy from other's work. Thank you for checking out my story!]
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Synopsis:
Emily Winston.
Embarking on a new adventure known as high school, Emily was full of bright ideas and a rush of excitement. With her twin by her side and a best friend a boyfriend to top it off, she didn't see where her high school experience could go wrong. That is, until her father sends her already fragile self-esteem crumbling down. And suddenly Emily is left questioning everything that she thought she understood about herself.
Parker Adams.
Parker's never really been one for school, more interested in the extracurricular activities that come along with it. Such as Varsity Soccer. Soccer gives him an outlet for the uncontrollable anger that constantly pulses through his veins, and it gives him a reason to avoid going home for as long as possible, to avoid his 13-year old brother who seems to be on a constant rampage to make everyone else's life a living hell. Soccer also gave him his best friend, an unbreakable bond that's lasted 7 years and counting. For Parker, soccer is the only future he ever thinks about. So when his career is jeopardized by one, single action, suddenly he's forced to see life from a new perspective.
Parker Adams and Emily Winston are forced together through their mutual relationship with Emmett Winston and can hardly stand the sight of each other, let alone the car ride they share together every morning. So when forced to attend the same high school and even share the same Biology class, Parker and Emily decide to draw a truce in order to make it through the school year alive.
And you know what they say, there's a fine line between love and hate.
This book is part of a series. This is the third book in the series, the order is as follows:
1) My Brother's Best Friend
2) Jefferson Lake (Lee's Spin-Off)
3) Before There Was Us (MBBF Prequel)
4) And So It Continues
It is not necessary to read either My Brother's Best Friend or Jefferson Lake in order to understand this book. However, it will give you better insight to the characters involved in the story.
*Trigger Warning: This book deals with issues such as Anorexia and Depression.
This book updates on Thursday.
Kenapa lo harus datang disaat yang tidak tepat?
Kenapa disaat lo datang, lo justru membuat hidup gue lebih nyata?
Kenapa kita harus dipersatukan dengan sebuah ikatan yang dipaksakan?
Kenapa gue harus jatuh cinta sama lo?
Dan...
Kenapa disaat gue udah jatuh cinta sama lo, lo malah pergi?
Haruskah gue menahan lo untuk tetap tinggal?
Haruskah gue teriak memanggil nama lo demi membuat lo kembali lagi?
Haruskah gue kehilangan lo selamanya?
Adakah kesempatan untuk gue memperbaiki segalanya?
Kalau benar ada, gue akan menggunakan kesempatan itu sebaik-baiknya.
Sebaik sikap lo terhadap gue.
Semanis perlakuan lo.
Juga..
Semanis kenangan itu, kenangan yang harus berujung dengan kepahitan.
*The day before high school started*
"You're such an idiot." I say playfully.
"Okay, I have another one." Jason says.
"Go for it." I say sarcastically as I smile.
"Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass." He says.
I burst out laughing to the point where I was on the ground clutching my stomach. "That was a good one." Jason says.
"No, it wasn't." I say still laughing.
"If it was any other girl, they would have melted." He says.
"We got to go back." He tells me.
Tomorrow was the first day of ninth grade. High school. High school!
I can't handle going into ninth grade knowing that I didn't grow one bit in the summer. In eighth grade no one said anything about it, but in summer that's all they can talk about.
"Who cares." He says.
"Everyone." I say under my breath, knowing that he can't hear me.
"Yeah, let's just go." I say quietly. 
Jason and I continue to walk out of the woods were we have built a small tree house. We're neighbors, our houses are side to side and exact copies on the outside.
Jason's parents, Aria and Eric Liam and my parents, the Adens, are business partners and sponsor each other's companies.
"I have to go see mom, I'll call you soon." Jason says.
"Bye." I say and we both separate to go to our own houses.
When I walk into mine I instantly hear my father chatting on the phone. Business has been rough the last couple of months, and I know we're struggling with money. 
My father had been having meetings with Jason's dad daily, and I'm sure that Jason's dad is trying his best to help my dad.
Dad shouts something the through the phone and hangs up.
I was named Rocky Apollo. Yup, the parental unit was obsessed with the Rocky movies. Unfortunately, I did not turn out to be a super buff boxer as they hoped. Nope, I was just a scrawny gay nerd living in Bum Ass Nowhere, USA. And I was about to start high school in the sophomore year, moved up a grade due to my brains. As if I all that did not already make me an easy target for bullies, my childhood friend suddenly decided he hated my guts and took it upon himself to make my life hell.
"Mom," I groaned in disbelief, burying my face in my hands, which was stupid because I smudged my glasses. But there was no use changing her mind.
"Rocky Apollo Smith," she said. It made me feel ridiculous, being named after two famous boxers when I was such a tiny weakling. "That is entirely your fault for getting good grades in middle school." She looked away from the road as she was driving, and the jeep started to veer slightly to the left as she made dramatic eye contact. "And for someone who hates people so much, isn't one less year of high school a great deal?" The woman had a point. I would skip an entire year of adolescent stupidity. But at what cost?
"Besides, for you and Paul aren't getting along much these days. Aren't you glad you won't be in the same class?"  I nodded sullenly. It sounded all right the way she put it. But she could never understand that by skipping a grade I would be violating the rules of social strata. And my ex bestfriend Paul hated my guts, to put it mildly. Not to mention other bullies yet to be discovered. Oh God, how I wish I were homeschooled. The minute the roll call came and the entire junior class watched a little nerd called Rocky Apollo stand up, my life would be over.
***
Turns out, I didn't have to wait until roll call to get my head shoved into a locker. Paul and his cronies were lying in wait. The dude needs a life, seriously. So he suddenly hated me and wanted to pretend being friends are entire lives suddenly meant nothing, I get that. But why did he have to constantly pick on me? 
"You deserve it, faggot!" Paul snarled, his once warm brown eyes dark with fury. He grabbed my backpack and dumped its contents onto the floor. I dived after it, which earned me a knee in the face.
Little red drops formed on my fresh new notebooks. I put my hand to my nose to stop the bleeding. "Asshole," I muttered and watched them rob my wallet. Getting what they came for, the cronies walked off. Paul spat on me and turned to follow them.
I hid my face in my hands but I was too overwhelmed to cry. I should be put in the World Records for quickest to be bullied on the first day of high school. Not that anyone would care. Many people were laughing at me. Others had pretended not to notice anything. Through my fingers I watched them get bored and start chatting with their friends - or rather, allies. All except a pair of blue eyes watching me coolly from a few feet away. 
Their owner was a tall, dark, angry looking fellow. He was dressed in a faded black shirt and blue jeans, and he was smoking a cigarette on the school premises, which was not allowed. Very Rebel Without a Cause. Our eyes met and he took a long drag, then gave me the finger. I looked away miserably. 
High school was extremely unfriendly territory. Wiping my nose on my blue sleeves, I stuffed my books into my bag and trudged to the bathroom to clean up as best as I could.
***
I was late to class of course, making my grand entrance to Algebra II in a blood soaked sleeve and mangled glasses. The room was full of jocks - no, worse- hot jocks. They all stared in mild horror at the beat up nerdling trembling at the doorway.
"Ahem," the teacher coughed, her thin eyebrows raised. "Are you the special student I was told about? Rocky Apollo?" The class erupted into laughter at that. I didn't blame them. 
"Class!" the teacher scolded. The juniors settled down a bit, stuffing fists into their mouths to stifle their snorts. "Everyone, this is Rocky Apollo Smith. He is only 15, but he did so well that we thought he could handle a sophomore workload." I stared at her in disbelief, willing her to stop, just leave me alone, let them think I'm normal. "I hope you will be a good example to him and support him through his academic endeavors. Have a seat, Rocky. And don't be late again." I was too stunned to move because this witch clearly wanted me dead.
"There's a spot here," one meathead said, cracking up and patting an empty desk. I was sure there was a trick, but I was too discombobulated to process anything. Like a zombie, I stumbled forward. That's when I noticed biker boots occupying my spot. I glanced up in annoyance to see the blue eyed Rebel Without A Cause who had been watching me earlier. My heart sank. "Could I please sit here?" I said it meekly. 
I didn't meet his bright cold gaze, not directly. I observed faint scars around his strong jawline, and one of his brows was split at the end. Rugged. My eyes passed over sharp cheekbones and a predatory smirk. It would hurt to take cruelty from such a pretty face.
Rebel Without a Cause slowly moved his legs from the chair. My sigh of relief was echoed by my many of my new classmates. I guess they expected a showdown. Wearily, I flopped into the seat. I tried very hard to follow today's lesson, but my thoughts were too scattered to focus.
Someone's hand tapped the back of my shoulder, stayed there. I straightened in my chair and started shaking. Warm breath passed over my ear, lightly ruffling my unruly hair. "It's not 'cause you're gay," he said quietly. Dear god. His voice was the perfect combination of deep and gravelly. 
"What?" My heart was pounding in my ears, heating my face tomato red.
"The reason they are bullying you." 
"Then why?" I croaked. Why? Why?
"'Cause you don't fight back." The hand left my shoulder. I stared blankly ahead, grinding my teeth in confusion and anger. The lesson was completely lost on me. I just wanted to survive my first day of school.
         Hey My unicorns Im writing this story because I was looking through the yandere book selections, and saw there was no books for girls whom are chubby/ fluffy. Now being a chubby girl this irritated me so I decide that if no one was going to make one then I would.
How you enjoy Love you all BBYYYYYYEEEEEEEE 

[ 21h43 , J-1 ]
- Si on y va , tu sais aussi bien que moi que tu vas craquer Andy . 
- Mais non ... Ecouter les mecs , j'ai 18 ans , je suis majeur . Il faut que j'y retourne . 
- Après deux ans , tu penses pouvoir tenir le coup ? 
- Oui 
- Vu comment tu as parlé d'elle , et après tout ce qu'on sait sur ce qu'elle à traversée , t'attends pas à revoir une petite fille . 
- Je sais , et moi aussi j'ai changé . 
- Ok , tu veux vraiment y aller ? 
- Complétement . 
- Alors allons-y ... 
- Vous êtes vraiment des frères !
- Quand je pense que je vais retourner à l"école ... 
- E oui , mais bon , c'est pour une bonne cause ...

Jag har alltid varit rädd för kärleken, för att bli fäst vid någonting som en dag kanske försvinner. Rädd för att få mitt hjärta krossat. Rädd för att vilja ha någon som kanske inte vill ha mig men mest rädd för hur det känns. Vissa säger att kärlek gör ont medan andra säger att det är underbart att vara kär. Jag vet inte och om jag ska vara ärligt så är jag inte redo att ta reda på det. 
Alexis Swan
A shy broken good girl. Who Just so happens to be the daughter of one of the richest men in their town and the sister of the quarterback of the school. Passionate about music.
Cameron Jones.
Badboy/Player you could say. Filled with arrogance and jerkiness but can be charming when he wants to be.
What happens when Cameron falls for a mysterious voice singing. What will happen when he finds out its Alexis Swan. How will the bad boy win the good girl's heart?? And eventually, heal the broken girl?
Secrets will be revealed, and hearts would be broken.Join the crazy love story of Alexis and Cameron full of love, jealousy, care, secrets, and friendship...
The bass thumped louder, vibrating in my chest as my eardrums rang with white noise. The laser lights around us shot faster, switching directions on the head of a pin. The DJ up front spun song after song, his eyes lustfully taking in the crowd dancing before him. I don't doubt he wished he could join us, but he was only hired to play music. Not dance.
My friend grabbed my wrist, nudging me away from my ex and into her arms. Soon I found that we were dancing together, our bodies moving to the beat as one. I saw several guys watching us, their gazes roaming over us while they licked their lips. It wasn't their fault, we were hot. And being drunk with my best friend probably wasn't the best idea, especially since neither of us were light drinkers. Though none of the buys seemed to mind.
"I'm having so much fun!" Toni screamed into my ear, her long red hair tumbling down her back in beautifully natural waves. Her pale gray eyes were alight with drunken excitement and joy. She licked her lips, watching a boy to her left through her long lashes. Her long but muscular arms wrapped around my neck, pulling me even closer.
She was using me to gain the attention of that guy, but I didn't mind. Because I was using her for the same reason. I tossed my own long auburn hair to the side, fluttering my eyes at a certain man who was tall, dark, and handsome. Toni pulled our bodies together until our stomachs were pressed tightly into one another, her hot breaths fanning over my neck. I smiled and placed a soft kiss on the tip of Toni's jaw, my eyes never leaving the man watching me from the corner. I saw him fidgeting, readjusting his pants.
I heard Toni laughing and soon I joined in as well, looking up towards the ceiling as I danced the night away with my best friend.
When the music died down and a slower song began, Toni took my hand in hers and led me off the dance floor to the bar. Technically, neither of us were old enough to drink but oh the beauty of fake ID's. By now the bartender easily recognized Toni and I, all we had to do was flash our million dollar smiles and the drinks appeared out of nowhere...or maybe it just seemed like that because I could no longer see straight. I was definitely too drunk to function at this point.
Toni clinked her glass against mine and swallowed the liquid whole. I was able to down about half of my drink before I felt someone's hand enclose mine and roughly jerk me to the side. I came face to face with the man who had been watching me. He definitely wasn't my age, he looked to be at least in his mid twenties. There was an abrasive scar slashed across the bottom of his chin but other than that, his face was clean cut and sharply chiseled.
"I saw you dancing." He smirked, leaning towards me as if that one line signaled his intentions.
With one flick of my wrist, I swished down the rest of my drink and tossed it back onto the bar without a second thought, "So?"
The man moved closer, pulling me further into him while his hands moved to rest on my hips, "So I figured maybe you could practice those dance moves on me, back at my place maybe. Or in the ally, or the bathroom. Anywhere really would do just fine."
I heard myself giggle as I pushed away from him, "No thank you, I'm not a slut sir."
To further my denial, Toni slipped her hands into mine and jerked me out of the man's grasp, "Besides, she's here with me and we don't make it a habit of ditching each other."
Preface.love/ləv/Noun: An intense feeling of deep affection: "their love for their country".Verb: Feel a deep romantic or sexual attachment to (someone): "do you love me?".Synonyms: noun. affection - fondness - darling - passionverb. like - be fond of - fancy - adoreDictionaries. They define everything, don't they? If you don't understand a word, you look it up and there's your answer. Such a simple theory, so easy. They're like unique little guidance counsellors, always right, always hold all the answers. So, what happens when the dictionary is wrong? What happens when everything that you thought was right, was a lie?scar/skär/Noun: A mark left on the skin or within body tissue where a wound, burn, or sore has not healed quite completely and fibrous connective tissue...: "a faint scar ran the length of his left cheek"Verb:Mark with a scar or scars.Love. An interesting concept, really. So key in today's society that you probably won't go a day without hearing the word, without being on the recieving end of that word.Scars. We all have them. Whether yours is from the chickenpox or from a freak car accident, they still decorate your skin, still make you more interesting, one of a kind.The last three years of my life have been everything but dictionary defined. My brother, he was meant to love me. That's what most people say, anyway. 'Family makes you who you are in the future'. Is that why I'm a freak? Is that why I can't trust men? Does it all boil down to those hours that my brother violated me in my own bed? I laugh in the face of dictionary definition.A/N: Um, newest one from me!:) Please let me know what you think, if this is any good and I know it's short, it's meant to be ;)
Anxiety-ridden, nightmare expert Charlotte 'Charlie' Jackson has been receiving witty, heartwarming, anonymous notes since the beginning of her school year. One afternoon, she notices she did not find a note for the first time all year, and suddenly gets the urge to figure out who writes them, and why they have been writing the notes to her. 
However, being her awkward, antisocial self, she can't bring herself to question anyone about them.  As Charlie narrows down her list of possible note writers, she befriends her main suspects.
While Charlie deals with the nagging question of who writes her the notes, she experiences late night phone calls, memorable sleepovers, and kisses from a boy who reminds her of the sea and the stars. 
a/n 
my book the Girl Who Read [And The Boy Who Kissed Her] just reached 100k reads like a minute before I typed this [I'M INTERNALLY SCREAMING BECAUSE IT'S TWO AM WHERE I AM AND EVERYONE'S ASLEEP SO I'M SILENTLY HAVING A STROKE]. It reaching 100k encouraged me to write this book
*this is the edited summary*
Like Yesterday
Copyright © 2011
Freesia Lockheart
All rights reserved

Have you ever met that one guy? That one guy who once ruined your life? For Reese, the day he left was the happiest day of her life.
No more humiliation.
No more embarrassing moments.
And no more Jace Hamilton.
But what if he's coming back? And what if it's not just the moments that are catching up with her? What if yesterday is also making its comeback? And what if... there's more to the story than what she knows?
Can yesterday be rewritten?
From love to hate and hate to love, making memories like those of yesterday.

~Author's Note~
This is a story of love and hate and everything in between. I'm always fascinated by extreme feelings. How it sometimes clouded our better judgement, because we're so caught up in it. We love too much that we forget to leave some for ourselves. We hate too much because we still want to remember that person so badly, in any way there is. It's a kind of emotion that you can't explain, but it's there. That thin line that separates love and hate. From love to hate and hate to love.
This is the draft version of the book. Like Yesterday is now published under Pop Fiction. It's available nationwide in bookstores, convenience store, supermarkets and department stores. 
Digital copies available for download using the Buqo app. Just search for the app and Like Yesterday's published version is available there (see external link).
Please grab a copy! Thank you. :)
love lots,
Freesia




Beep,Beep,Beep My alarm clock went off. "Uggg" I smacked my alarm clock to shut it up. I was about to get out of bed when I rolled a little and fell on the cold wooden floor "oww!" I got up and slowly walked to the bathroom that was in a bedroom. When I turned on the light I had to put my hand over my face to cover the light. I took my shower and brushed my teath. I walked to my closet to pick out my clothes for the first day of school. Great I thought to my self can't wait for the pranks and names. I picked a dark blue t-shirt and some black jeans with white vans. I put my hair in a ponytail and put on my nerd glasses and walked down stairs. My dad was passed out on the couch with more then 10 beer bottles next to him. Just a normal morning I grabbed a Apple and started walking to school. When I was about 2 minutes away I could see the school I stoped and just thought of what today would be like. When I got to the door of the school I took a deep breath and walked it.____Hi My name is Melanie I hope u liked my first chapter, sorry it was so short and if you like it or have any ideas for the book Please comment :-D 
Hey readers, i'm now editing my book so if it says its published a chapter its just me editing chapters :) also thank you guys so much for the 236K readers, you have no idea how much that means to me! thank you so much!! also if you like this book then you will love  my other books :) please read them :) 
Thanks: Melanie 
          “Shawna, babe, over here!” a cute blond college guy hollered across campus.
          I checked my scowl and ignored the stares, walking over to where Joel sat with his friends, grinning at me.
          “Joel, babe,” I copied him sweetly when I got close enough. “I was really hoping to never see your face again.”
          His friends laughed obnoxiously and I struggled not to smack one of them.
 “What do you want?”
His grin only got wider and he held up his iPhone. “Just one little picture to send to the ‘rents,” he assured me, shoving his buddy out of the way to make room for me on the stairs. I looked over his golden head at the university building behind him. It was an expensive, beautiful campus, and I felt a subtle thrill of pride again as I remembered all the work it took to get here.
“Fine, but make it fast,” I sighed sitting down beside him, closer than either of us liked.
“Anything for you, baby,” he said, and I knew he meant it.
I turned my face away from the camera and looked adoringly at the rich boy beside me who was grinning at his own phone. He snapped the camera.
“One more,” he murmured, turning to kiss my cheek. I cast down my eyelashes demurely, calling on the blush that came to me easily.
Joel snapped the phone again then pulled his arm away from me to look at the pictures. I leaned over, too. My adoring expression looked convincing, as though I thought the world of this boy while his perfect white smile glinted at the camera. The second picture was sweet; I was blushing and looking down, the wind blowing a tendril of hair into my face as Joel leaned tenderly into me, kissing my cheek.
The innocence of the moment would have been adorable, if I hadn’t known that it was all a lie. Joel and I were from two entirely different worlds.
His world required him to have a pretty, steady girlfriend while his reports home included nothing but praise at his amazingly good marks. Since Joel had none of these, he made up for it how he could. The marks were taken care of by various campus nerds he employed to do his assignments for him. I don’t know how he managed exams.
But I was the answer to his other problem. I’d met his parents, charmed them with my hard-working adorable orphan facade, and every month or so I’d pose with Joel for fake pictures where we pretended to be enamoured with each other. He sent those home to assure his reputation-obsessed, perversely wealthy family that he and I were still together.
Not that we ever had been. Both my meetings with his family I’d gotten paid for. Now I held out my hand and Joel gave me a ten, scooting away from me once more. I stood stiffly and continued on my way to class, trying hard to ignore the feelings of self-disgust.
I was stowing away my books and notes into my bag after my Psych seminar was over. I heard someone plop next to me and glanced sideways.
“Hi Scott,” I said neutrally, rummaging around for some gum.
“Shawna,” Scott greeted me warmly. I felt myself relax slightly.
“And what can I do for you?” I asked with just a touch of bitterness that he picked up on.
“Nothing that you don’t want to,” he replied quickly.
I smiled. “Seriously. What’s up?”
Scott hesitated, his adorable features looking worried. “Well, there’s this dinner...”
On the outside people will probably think that I'm as happy as can be, but once they see how I am on the inside, they'll see that I'm just really sad, misunderstood, and worst of all...broken................
Hiiiii :) I'm Katie.If I could use only one word to descibe myself i think that I would use the word crazy.I like to have fun even if I'm a nerd.Yup.I'm a nerd, and I've got the grades, glasses, and braces to prove it.My hair is dark brown, just like my eyes, evryone says I'm adorable because of my 5'3 height, but i honestly hate it.If i were a little shorter I'd probably pass for an elf.I blow out the candles on April 21.I'm 16 years old, going on 17, and a junior in high school.I've nener had a boyfriend before, but i can see why, nobody would ever want to date someone like me...
I have 3 best friends.First there is Skylar, my bestest friend and partner in crime.She is like the complete opposite of me apperance wise.She has dirty blonde hair and peircing blue eyes.She has a perfect tan, and beautiful body.She can pull anything off.I bet that if she were to wear a trash bag she'd still look amazing.Her personality is just the best.She is bubbly, fun to be around, very very talkative, and is always there when you need a shoulder to cry on or just need a buddy while you're at home by yourself and want to have some fun.
Then there is Daniela, but don't call her that unless you want to get beat up, she perfers Dani.She is deffinatly the badass of our group, and can have any guy she wants with her long, wavy, black hair and green eyes.Those are contacts though.She used to wear glasses like I do, but decided that she wanted contacts instead, and is always trying to convince me to get some aswell.I stick with my glasses because I'm more comfertable.She may be a tough girl, but she's got a soft spot for her family and friends, so if you mess with them you'll probably get hurt by her.
And last but definatly not least is, Jessica.I call her Jessie.She plays the role of our mom in the group.She will always try her best to make people happy, even if she's not in the end.Like in the ninth grade she was dating this guy named Austin and one of our good friends liked him too, so she broke up with him so that our other friend was happy.She cried for days, and once our friend started dating him she stopped talking to us.So yeah that really sucked.Next to me she is one of the smartest people at our school.She has a pixie haircut and hazel eyes.
Those are all my best friends.Well those are my only friends.We always tell eachother our secrets.They tell me theirs.I tell them mine.
Well...except one.
I'm abused by my dad.
No one knows about it, not even my mom.He usually does it when she's not around, or not home.You're probably wondering how people never see my bruises.Well that's because he's smart enough to do them where nobody will see them.He started hitting me about 3 months ago.
-flashback-
It was the 4th of July, and it was only my dad and I.Mom had left on a buisness trip a week ago.She was never really home, but when she was, I loved it.Since she wasn't home today, we didn't ceberate or anything special.I was in my room listening to music.I don't know what my dad was doing.
I started singing along to my One Direction music"Let's go crazy crazy crazy till we see the sun I know we only met but let's pretend it's love and never never nev-"
I didn't have time to finish because my dad came stumbling into my room.He came to my bed.He didn't sit though."IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT YOUR MOM IS NEVER HOME!SHE WORKS ALL TIME TO MAKE MONEY TO SUPPORT YOU!" he shouted.His breath reeked of alcohol.I guess he's been drinking.That's never a good sign.He's always mad when he's drunk.
I knew mom wasn't working to support just me.It was for my dad also because he could never get a job.
"She does it for the both of us."I replied back quietly."You don't work so she does it for you too."I continued.
I don't know if it was the alcohol, or what I said, but i did know one thing for sure.He had just slapped me.
After that he hust left my room.Once he slammed the door I was instantly in tears.It took me a while to realize that my dad, the person that should love and protect me, had just slapped me.After a few hours i finally just cried myself to sleep.
-next morning-
I woke up to my dad barging into my room crying."OH MY GOODNESS KATIE I'M SO SORRY I WAS DRUNK AND DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS DOING!I'M SO SORRY I DIDN'T MEAN IT!"my dad choked out through his sobs.
I was confused as to what he was talking about, but then I remembered last night's events"Oh" was all I said.
"DO YOU FORGIVE ME FOR WHAT I DID?!?!" he cried.
"Fine" I beleived him when he said he was sorry and didn't know what he was doing.
............little did I know that he was lying...
-end of flashback-
About a week after he apologized he started hitting me again...harder.
So I'm Katie and I'm the nerd that gets abused.
We could hear yelling coming from next door as we ate dinner. It wasn't abnormal. There was always yelling coming from the neighbor's house.
My dad rolled his eyes and huffed, scraping his fork against his plate, "They're at it again. That son of his." 
"Honey," my mom responded gently, "it's not his fault. He lives in a terrible home." 
They were talking about John Knight's son, Matthew. He was in my grade in school. I knew he didn't have the best home life but with all the yelling we heard you'd think that's the only octave their voices worked on. 
Matthew's dad was a druggie and a drunkard. His mom walked out on them when he was six. Or, so the stories goes. Matthew came to school sometimes with bruises. He never said what they were from but we all knew.
"Shaina," my mom said turning her attention to me, "how was school?" 
"Can I be excused?" I asked avoiding the question. "I have a ton of homework." 
My mom looked concerned but nodded, "Sure thing, Hon. Just leave your plate. I'll get it." 
I smiled. "Thanks, mom." 
When I got up to my room, I pulled my chemistry binder from my backpack and plugged in my earbuds. 
I was focused on my homework when I heard a loud tap. I pulled out my earbuds and listened. Another tap. It was coming from my window. I turned around. A pair of sky blue eyes looked back at me. Matthew. He tapped again.
I got up and pulled open my window. "What are you doing here?" I asked timidly. Even though Matthew and I were neighbors, we certainly weren't friends.
"I need somewhere to stay and your house is the closest." 
I noticed he was sporting a fresh bruise on his cheek bone.
"Don't you have a friend's house you could go to?" I asked curiously.
"That's the first place he'd look." he said simply but seriously. I bit my lip unsure. "Come on, Shaina. It's one night." he pressed. "Please."
I finally nodded and stepped away from the window so he could climb in. Matthew climbed through the window and looked around. I crawled back onto my bed and tried to work on chemistry. I felt the bed sink beside me as Matthew sat down.
"So, what are we working on?"
"Um, chemistry." 
"Ooh my favorite." he said lighting up. 
"Really?" I asked raising an eyebrow. 
Before he could answer, my mom rapped on my door. "Shaina, honey? Who are you talking to?" she asked opening my door. "Oh, Matthew." she said surprised. He gave her a small wave. Her eyes went directly to the bruise on his cheek. "Can I, um, get you some ice? For your cheek?" 
His hand fluttered to his cheek self-consciously. "Oh. No. I'm fine. Thank you though." 
"Alright." She said gently. "Um, Shaina, can I talk to you in the hall for a minute?"
I clambered off my bed, "I'll be right back." I mumbled to him closing my door behind me. 
"How did he get in there?" My mom hissed. 
"He climbed through my window." I responded quietly. 
"Why is he here?"
"He was fighting with his dad... You saw the bruise on his cheek. He just needs somewhere safe to stay for the night."
Her face softened. She nodded. "Alright. No funny business, okay? I trust you, but still. Make smart choices."
"Thanks, Mom."
Hello, everyone who came to give a try to read my story. I am really grateful to you, guys.
Before you start the story I want to say that there will be a lot of grammar mistakes and I want you guys to point it out for me. Also if you don't like anything in there just tell me in the comments. No hard feelings. 
This is just a simple story nothing too hype. Just a girl and a boy who falls in love and accept each other FOR WHO THEY ARE and not trying to change anything about the other. 
I hope you will enjoy my story. 
And and also... VOTE COMMENT AND LIKE. 
So hey guys I've started a new story and will be updating every Sunday and maybe a few lucky days in and out.
I really would like comments and votes to know you guys like my story and tell me ways to improve.
Also can no one please steal/copy my ideas- I work very hard and I find it very rude if people are ignorant towards the fact.
The story is copyright and if there is failure to follow the procedures you can be punished by law.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
I hope you guys enjoy this story and remember to leave feedback.
Xxxx
This is my second story and I've been working on it for a few weeks.
Thank you
FIRST TIME READER OR...?
[ edited 2nd Dec 2015 ]
I'M GOING TO HELL.
That is, if hell was one of the few places on the face of the planet where plastic surgery was a norm and where one was shunned for being less than perfect.
Los Angeles. 
Two words; ten letters that when put together made one arch their eyebrow with awe and expectations. The entertainment capital of the world. 
Fast fact: four percent of people that move to Hollywood hoping to make it big, actually make it. The rest just... yeah, who knows what happens to them.
L.A. The place I'd sworn never to step a foot in thanks to my failure of a father, who dumped my mom when he found out that she was pregnant. Of course, if what he did was any indication, I was glad he'd ridded himself from our lives. But there was still the issue that we couldn't quite leave him behind us. 
He was everywhere I went, his face plastered on the cover of the latest issue of Entertainment Express or Daily Celeb.
Flynn Mathers. 
The name left behind a sour tinge in my mouth every time I said it. Entertainment Express had dubbed him 'a ruggedly handsome man in his early forties, with green eyes that made women swoon with delight.' 
'He still outshines men half his age,' claimed Daily Celeb. 'A man that no woman was lucky enough to get, whose genes had a high probability of not being passed on.'
That wasn't true though, because here I was, owing half of my genes to him.
I stared at myself on the spotless mirror in front of me. 
An average proportioned girl of seventeen years stared back at me. Red tresses flowed past her shoulder, framing a pale, round face. Her lips were dry and chapped after having been bitten relentlessly on the way to the airport. And the eyes. Those eyes that as much as I hate my father, I admired and concluded to be one of my best features, not that there was many to begin with. Eyes so green they reminded me of the first gleam of green during spring when everything was in full bloom.
"Don't think about him, Alex. Don't," I muttered to myself as the thoughts of my father brought on their normal reaction, leaving me full of raw emotions. "So what if he lives in L.A? There are millions of people living there. What are the chances of you running into him, right?"
I forced a smile, my face looking better than it did seconds before, even with black rings under my eyes from lack of sleep. "Besides," I continued, "you're not going there because of him. You're going there for James." My smile wasn't forced anymore as I thought of my boyfriend of six months, who'd gone to L.A for the summer working as a Production Assistant in a blockbuster movie being filmed. 
"There you go. Everything's going to be fine. You're going to see James." After rinsing my hands in the cold water, I headed back into the crowded terminals.
Another thirty minutes until my flight, I judged as I studied the screen displaying the flights schedule.
My phone vibrated in my pockets. Once I pulled it out, I checked the screen, not at all surprised to see that mom was worried about me already. I had expected it after all. My mom was one of those typical worriers. One time during eighth grade when I had gone camping, she had made me pack three cans of bug spray, just in case the first two had run out and then made me put on nearly a half of the bottle of sunscreen even before I walked out the door. Then she had made me pack flares. Despite it being sometimes annoying, that was one of the reasons I loved her.
The morning sunrise fills my room, the sun rays resembling liquid gold. I squint as I grab a hold of my phone sitting on my beside table, 10:08 it reads. I yawn, grateful that I still had an hour before I started my shift at a burger joint. Yes, a burger joint, not the most exciting place to work, but hey! The pay is decent and I get a good discount so that's a plus side.
I stumble out of bed and run down the stairs, the house is a mess and I knew why exactly why. Thomas, my older brother is staying at our house until he decides to go back to college, which I hope is very soon. I hate all this mess. 
'Good Morning. You look like death,' Thomas stifles a laugh as he takes in my appearance. 
'Thanks! I was totally going for that look, you jerk.' I scowl as I pour some cereal. 
I take a better look around, red solo cups are littered around the house, food packages adorn the carpet, and is that peanut butter smeared on the couch? What the hell? Thomas looks at my confused expression and his face pales. 
'Oh, mum will be very pleased about this.' I smirk placing my hands on my hips. 
'I'll give you $15 if you don't tell her, besides when do I have to clean this up by?' He groans. 
'Make it $30 and you have yourself a deal! She'll be back in 2 days, will you even be able to clean everything up?' I challenge him, raising my eyebrows.
'$30 are you serious? No way, I'm practically broke already Arabella.' He cries out.
'Oh that's a shame.' I smirk evilly while I being to dial mum's number.
'You wouldn't.' He searches my face for any hint that I'm bluffing.
'Oh but I would.' he  I smirk. This is too easy. 
'I can't believe you did that! You know you're way too deceptive,' He rolls his eyes. 
I give him a look that says 'You know it' before I go upstairs. I brush the tangles out of my hair and tie it up in a bun, how do you even master the messy bun? I apply some makeup and get dressed in my uniform, grabbing my phone, lip gloss and purse I walk down the stairs, waving goodbye to Thomas.
'Clean the house!' I yell and he grumbles incoherently. 
The crisp autumn breeze relaxes me instantly, the trees surrounding our house are beautiful shades of orange and red. The walk to the mall is about 15 minutes each way. I love working at the mall, it was interesting working at the mall, studying all the different types of people who passed through. 
'Good morning, Robert,' I say to my manager as I walk into the burger joint. Robert is about 50 years old and he has worked here ever since, he only lets family work here, which is surprising that he gave me the job. He and mum were good friends back at school and she practically begged him to let me work here until I finished school.
'Hello, Arabella.' He says, he has a slight British accent and it shows when he speaks my name. I looked around the restaurant, it was pretty empty. But I knew once it hit lunchtime, it would be crazy busy.
The baddest bitch
**WARNING**
-This book was written when I was pretty young. It is filled with errors, plot holes, cringe worthy lines and many, MANY more issues. Please keep this in mind before continuing. If you are expecting this to be anything like my most recent work, you will be sorely disappointed. 
Copyright @ glitterANDgold
All Rights Reserved
Compared to the beautiful, outgoing Melody, Sutton Bran has always lived in her older sister's shadow as the shy, innocent girl. Even so, she happens to catch the attention of mysterious bad boy Colton Jones.  He steals her first kiss one night at a party and sends her home thinking that her life is finally starting to fall into place... that is, until she arrives at her house to find that Melody has been killed in a drunk driving accident. Unable to deal with her grief, Sutton's life spirals out of control. But one guy thinks he has what it takes to show her there's still so much to live for. All she has to do is be a little rebellious.
Hello all my lovely fans, and those of you who are just now hearing my Wattpad name! This story is not meant to be sad or depressing, and it won't be, a few chapters are going to be a little sad, but every story has serious points. If you have not read my other stories, check them out! The first chapter will be up shortly, please vote and comment to tell me what you think! 
*Edited*
-------------------------------------------------------------
Kaylee's POV 
BEEP BEEP BEEP! 
I groaned and rolled over, swatting my alarm clock off my night stand. It crashes to the floor, the beeping sound stopping effectively. With a tired sigh, I pull myself up and out of my bed to get ready for the day. I take a quick shower and get dressed, grabbing my satchel as I head down to the kitchen. The first thing I spot was a bright neon sticky note on the fridge door, I mean who could miss a neon color even half asleep as I? Walking over, I look at it to see what it read. 
G'morning Kay, Hope you slept well. I have to go away for a business trip. I should be back in a couple days or so. Take care, I left some money on the counter. 
Love ya, Mom 
Business trip my ass, I thought myself sourly as I grabbed the money and stuffed it into my pocket hastily. She often disappeared on these so called trips, the time between her leaving and returning extending longer and longer. It didn't used to be like this, everything changed when Dad left. No, hush, lets not think about this now. I chide myself as I look for the time. I cursed as I saw it was 7:30. I had 20 minutes to get to school and into my homeroom before the last bell rung. Grabbing a random granola bar and keys of the counter, I darted out and to my garage where my bike sat. 
In less then a minute, the garage door was closed and I was half way down my street on my bike as I sped off to school. Easily opening the granola bar, I ate it on the way to school but not really finishing it. It sorta made me sick to be eating and biking so I tossed it to the wild animals in the bushes on the side of the sidewalk. I cruised down a shallow slope, enjoying the wind throwing my hair behind me and the rush I felt. Yeah, I didn't wear a helmet but oh well, I hated them. 
I had long dirty blonde hair that probably needed to be cut at some point, but for now I needed to hurry into my first class. Arriving at school, I jump off and lock my bike up quickly before running inside along side some other near late kids as we dart into our first classes. I make it into my seat just as the bell rings, a sigh of relief escaping my mouth. 
Now the actual class didn't really start right away so I just sat in the back of the room, not speaking to anyone per usual. I was a straight A student as well as the captain of the soccer team and yet, I wasn't truly happy. I mean sure, the good grades was a good thing and being captain was an honor but even then I just wasn't for whatever reason. I mean sure, I suffered from depression when my Dad died and then soon after my older brother left for whatever reason. Mom changed to. Wanting nothing more to do with Dad, she put his things away in the attic and never spoke about him again. It's almost kinda weird how one thing can change and affect so much of the future. 
Anyhow, Math class started and I just sat there as it dragged on for seeming forever. When the bell finally rings, I stay put until the room was near empty before getting up and walking out. I stop by my locker to trade Math books for English books, closing it and turning down the hall way silently. While everyone and everything around me was a void full of noise and ruckus, my own little world was peaceful and quiet. Well that was until someone yelled out to me. "Hey Kay! Wait up!" someone yells from behind me. Naturally I stopped and turned to see my best friend, Jake. I grin for the first time today as he approaches "Hey Jake! What's up?" I ask as we go through our made up handshake. He just laughs with a shrug "Oh nothing much, just walking to class with my bestie" he answers with his goofy grin. I shake my head, rolling my eyes "Same same. Did you do the homework?" I ask. 
It was more of a rhetorical question I asked everyday. I knew he hadn't done it but I asked anyway. Of course he shakes his head and I hand him an extra copy I made the previous night. I always did the homework twice because I'm an awesome person like that. Haha no, I just did it because I felt like being nice. Plus, he found ways to make up for all the work I was doing for him. "Thanks so much Kay," he says as we enter the class. "I owe you" I just nod to that "Yeah I know, you owe me a lot" I say with a light laugh. 
A/N (7.28.14): Hi! Firstly, thank you so much if you're deciding to read this story! Secondly, since you've decided to read this, just be aware that there are typos, plot holes, mechanical errors, and a whole lot of other stuff that I'm currently in the process of editing. That being stated, enjoy:
The Girl Who Wore Jordans
Sophie Anna
Prologue 
Boston. October 21, 2008. 
The ball continued to circle around the hoop a third time, and all I could do was watch as it missed the basket entirely and plummeted to the ground. I swore under my breath and then heard the much anticipated and dreaded reaction of, “Nice shot, Liz!” from a cynically smug Lance.
      “Right, because Lance, you never miss,” I shot right back, my own words oozing with as much stinging sarcasm as his own. Lately, Lance had been acting like a real jerkhole to me. And only me. Not to Justin. Not to the other guys. Just me. I didn’t know why. Every time we played basketball and I dropped the ball or my knees weren’t bent enough, he had to comment on it. Or like now, my shot was pretty crappy, so he had to be obnoxious about it, instead of letting it go and allowing me to just grab the rebound and move on. I could definitely hold my own against someone like Lance, but it was just annoying that I had to deal with his BS in the first place.
      Justin was next to speak. Like always, he decided to act as the mediator, attempting to subdue the mood considerably: “Guys, stop.”
      “Whatever,” Lance dismissed Justin’s relatively passive request of peace. He then ran over to recover the still rolling ball. It was my shot, so I should’ve been the one to get it, but I didn’t mention it. As a general rule, I tried my hardest to avoid communicating with Lance at all times. It was easiest that way and helped in decreasing plausible and unnecessary arguments.
      I turned to Justin, aware that what I was about to say probably wasn’t the smartest thing on the planet, but I didn’t really care. I was pissed at Lance, and if I weren’t talking to him directly, then indirectly would have to suffice. “Why’s he being such a douche?” I asked Justin with a deep sigh and a shake of my head.
      Justin lifted his bony shoulders towards the sky ever so slightly and said, “Who knows?”
      Lance came back over to us, and without saying a word, he went right under the basket and shot the ball. I held my breath as it circled the rim, and then winced as I witnessed the orange orb swish through the net. “That is how you shoot, Liz,” Lance said, roughly throwing me the ball.
      I caught the ball without a problem and started to dribble in place. From my spot, I aimed the ball at the red outlined square in the middle of the backboard. It went around the hoop once, and despite my best efforts to conjure up some form of telekinesis and force it in, it bounced out. 
      “Nice try, Liz,” Justin assured me genuinely with an equally as sincere smile.
      “No, it wasn’t,” Lance spit harshly, “it sucked.”
      “Really, Lance? And why exactly did it ‘suck’?” I questioned, refraining myself from lunging at him right there and then. I was starting to get pissed at him. Like, majorly. My hands reached for the back of my head, and I pulled at two sections of my ponytail, tightening it so that it wouldn’t come undone.
      “Because you’re a girl,” was his brilliant response. I wanted to punch him.
      “So, ‘because I’m a girl’ means that I can’t shoot a damn basketball?” I assessed dryly, viewing Justin’s worried expression from the corner of my eye. He was just itching to stop the brewing conflict from bubbling over and completely exploding out of proportion.
      “Yeah. But, I mean, you’re not really a girl. You don’t dress like one, and you sure as hell don’t act like one. Hell, guys don’t even want to date you!” he laughed. I clenched my fists together, ready to wreck his face. A firm hand gripped my wrist, and I looked down: Justin.
      “Why are you such a freaking asshole, Lance?” I implored, relaxing my hands as Justin’s grasp loosened.
      “Why aren’t you such a girl?” he fired right back without missing a beat.
      “I am a girl,” I said, my words sopping with anger. I am a girl. I am. Just because I talked to boys, played sports with boys, and hung out with boys didn’t mean that I wasn’t a girl. It didn’t mean anything.
      “Really?”
      “Yes, really!”
      “I bet that you couldn’t become a normal girl even if you wanted to,” Lance scoffed, taking a threatening step towards me.
      “I am a ‘normal’ girl.” I glared at him with all the hatred I had in me.
      “Of course you are.” He rolled his eyes with a pause, and then continued: “I mean, normal girls wear T-shirts and sweats everyday, and normal girls don’t have a single girl friend, oh, and normal girls definitely wear Jordans.”
      “Damn right, they do!” I said, trying to not think too much into his cutting words. He was just saying them to try and hurt me. He wanted me to break. Unfortunately for him, I had absolutely zero intention of breaking.
      His words meant nothing. Though I knew that they were out of some unknown spite aimed at harming me in any way that they could, they still remained in my mind, haunting it like a ghost on Halloween. Normal girls wore T-shirts and sweats, didn’t they? Not having any girl friends didn’t really matter—boys were fine. The first two didn’t affect me, but the last did. He had implied that “normal” girls didn’t wear Jordans. That was a line he should not have crossed. But it was Lance. He was probably just jealous that I had made the All-Star team and he didn’t.
      Lance scowled at me with the nastiest scowl he could summon, and then he declared something that came off as more of a dare to me: “You couldn’t become a normal girl even if you tried!”
      “Wanna bet?” I challenged.
      “Yes, actually, I do,” he said, clearly amused by what I had proposed. If he knew anything about me, though, then he shouldn’t have been as entertained as he was.
      “Fine,” I said, sticking my hand out to him to finalize whatever exactly it was that we had decided. He returned the gesture, our hands touching, as a lethally silent resentment culminated over the edge.
      “Prepare to lose, Turner.”
      “Game on, dickhead.”
1. Copyright: 'No More Goodgirl' including the chapters, prologues, epilogues, and associated content is COPYRIGHTED.ALL rights reserved by the owner and creator of this work, Yahaira (yahaira0101) and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution, or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. All characters in this story are from my imagination and are copyrighted. If anything from this is similar to anything else it is not intended. Anyone who violates this shall result to maximum copyright penalties.
2. I'm gonna say something real quick: I would like to say is that I will try to update as soon as I can and if I don't I'm sorry and I hope that you guys like this book and vote, comment, and share
THANK YOU!!!
Follow me on Instagram and Music.ly
Instagram: Aguilar_Yahaira
Music.ly: Lovely_yahaira
Hi all! This is my first story (on Wattpad, that is) so don't be mean! Constructive criticism is good, though!
***As of 4/26/14, the title changed from 'The Semi-New Girl and the Player' to 'Picture This' because the title was awful, as you can tell.***
Hey there, 
Thank you for viewing my third book, Her Social Anxiety. 
I have written two books before this one, Demystifying Life and Forever. 
Demystifying Life is the story of Blake's grandparents and Forever is the story of Zephyr and Zion's parents. So if you wanna check it those stories out, then go ahead, they're Complete anyway. 
Well, I know there will be a little grammatical mistakes in this book as English isn't my first language. 
But, point them out politely please. I am not a fan of rude comments. 
Thanks. 
Love. 
Nikki ♥
Cover Credits - Kimhiku123 and rheaday97 :) -bleck :* 
She could hear the soft tunes playing from the radio and the engine roaring. She could smell freshly brewed coffee and pure leather. The young girl opened her eyes slowly and squinted to adjust to the bright daylight. She looked around and sat up straighter in her ivory leather seat. She was in a car. A car that she had no recollection of getting into. 
Panic. 
Questions whizzed through her mind at the speed of light. Where was she going? How did she get in the car? Had she been drugged?  Was she being kidnapped?
The young girl studied her surroundings, hoping to see something that would trigger a memory. Something that would give her an indication as to where she was, or where she was heading towards. She saw a sign that made her relax slightly. She was in England, London to be exact. That's where she lived... Wasn't it?
More panic.
Her breathing was getting faster, as was her heart rate. She couldn't remember who she was. She couldn't remember anything about her life. Not even her name. The girl concentrated even though it gave her a headache. She went through the alphabet hoping a letter would spark up a memory. The letter A was what she always came back to. Even though she couldn't remember her name, she was sure it began with an A. 
That wasn't enough for her. Her mind was blank. Why couldn't she remember? She tried to recall the last event that took place before she woke up. Nothing but blurry scenes played in her mind. All she could see was colours blending together in the form of figures or shapes. She then tried to remember people she knew. Her mum and dad... Did she have a sibling? The answer she leaned towards was no, but she couldn't say that for definite. The young girl couldn't remember them. She couldn't remember anyone. 
Yet she knew some pieces of information. Like the fact that it was 2016 and that she had some connection to England. She even knew pi to 7 decimal places. However her past? Her family? Her birthday? She just couldn't remember it.
Instead of thinking and letting the headache develop into a migraine, the girl decided to focus on her current situation. She looked out of the window and noticed that there weren't many cars on the road. That made her wonder what time it was and whether it was a weekday. What was the last date she even remembered? Not wanting to further irritate the headache, the girl ignored the question and turned her attention to the driver for the first time. A middle aged man wearing a pristine black suit and matching hat sat in the driver's seat. 
Why hadn't the young girl thought of this as soon as she woke up? Of course the driver would know what was happening. At the very least he would be able to tell her where he was taking her to. She repeatedly called out to the man but she may as well have been mute. The driver didn't seem to hear her, or perhaps he didn't want to talk.
Where was he taking her? Was she just supposed trust that she was in no danger? Well she could add that to the list of problems she was facing. She wondered whether the smart thing to do would be to jump out of the car. Sure she would get some bruises by the speed they were travelling, but that may be safer than sitting in the car with a stranger. 
Lost in thought, the young girl almost didn't hear the loud beeping coming from her jacket pocket. She pulled out a white iPhone displaying an unknown caller ID on the screen.
She hesitated for a few seconds before answering the call. "Hello?" 
"Finally, you're awake!" came a women's voice from the other side of the call.  Her voice was extremely familiar. So familiar that it was like the young girl was talking herself. She tried to place where she knew the voice from. Her mind was a blank canvas. She wished someone would draw her a picture.
"Um, yeah... Do I know you?" A spark of hope ran through her body, maybe the woman could provide her with some well needed answers.
"We have a good relation, yes"
"I don't remember anything. What's going on?"
The woman sighed. "Listen to me carefully. Your name is Addison Pierce, you're seventeen years old and you are going somewhere where you will be safe."
"Safe? Safe from what?" 
That list of problems was going to end up being extremely long.
The woman hesitated. She seemed to be trying to word what she was about to say correctly. Every now and then she inhaled to indicate that she was about to speak, however she thought better of it and remained silent for a little while longer. A couple of seconds passed before she finally said "just safe. Don't worry, everything will be okay soon. You can trust me, but I need you to be smart. Do not trust anyone else. Someone's coming, I have to go. Bye Addison." Then the line went dead.
Talk about dramatic.
Addison didn't know who that women was, but somehow she felt like she could trust her words. 
The irony.
The car stopped shortly after in front of a large building that resembled a traditional British academy. Except it was not just any academy, it was Eaton Academy.
The best Academy in the world.
That was something that Addison remembered, yet she couldn't quite remember where she had first heard of the place or who she had heard it from.
The driver finally broke his silence taking Addison by surprise.
"Take the suitcase from the boot and leave."
When I was a little kid I never thought I would become a street fighter. I knew I was different from all the other kids, the girls all wanted to be princesses and fairies, but I knew better, I knew that the dream of theirs would never come true. I never knew what I wanted to do until that one day. It was a week before my 15th birthday, that night ruined my life forever.
I started learning self defence with my brother. It was almost natural for me, on the first day I went I could block every move thrown my way. Over the months I bulked up because blocking my body with every hit wasn't going to get me anywhere, I need to know how to fight. 
I did my own workout everyday, I could feel myself getting stronger and fitter, I could take down pretty much anyone who crossed me. 
When I turned 16 fighting became an obsession to the point where punching a punching bag wasn't enough, it wasn't a struggle. 
I looked into street fighting and from that day on it was everything to me. It was easy for me to stay low at school because I was already pretty much a no body and I had no friends because I was different. At first when I started street fighting I didn't worry about having the same identity on and off the ring. But as time went by I learnt about the dangers. 
I didn't want to attract attention to myself at school so I didn't go all out with the suspenders but I threw on glasses, I wore a black wig hiding my naturally blonde locks that I loved. People at school hardly noticed they thought my choice in hair colour was very emo but that was it. 
I sat under a tree by myself everyday for lunch no one ever bothered me, no one tried to be my friend and the thing I'm most greatful for is no one ever bullied me and I'm happy for them because I would beat the living shït out of them.
I was lonely at times thinking about the friends I could have if I was just myself but I didn't want to risk any of it I couldn't let anyone find out about my illegal acts, apart from my brother, who is practically my manager. 
Hope this gives you a little bit of an idea of the book. This idea just popped into my head an I couldn't let it pass. 
Thank you for reading please comment anything. Xx
AUTHOR'S NOTE (NOVEMBER 2014):
Hey, guys c:
So, this story is old. Like, REALLY old. And I am noticing some things that are wrong and need to be fixed, SO
I will be rewriting and editing this story as I go. If some things change it's because this is a story I wrote around 2 1/2 years ago.
I was an idiot back then.
Now, I am much smarter and I can fix the shit outta this and make it badass. So, if some things don't make sense, chill. It'll all make sense later.
Thanks for understanding! 
Stay Beautiful C:
♪───Ｏ（≧∇≦）Ｏ────♪
To view the Rated-R scenes, go to my story called "Specialty Parts"!! 
♪───Ｏ（≧∇≦）Ｏ────♪
 
Alexandra is not your ordinary mundane. She is a 17 year old bookworm and a hopeless romantic. She is a beautiful woman; but she doesn't know it. Alex has the bluest eyes that sparkles like they were stars picked from the sky. Her hair is the colour of mahogany with the slight blonde peaking out. Her skin pale as snow.
On her 3rd birthday she met Simon Lewis.  3 years old and 3/4 Brunette hair, big brown eyes with glasses. Always full of wonder and curiosity. Alex and Simon met in a park in Brooklyn. Alex had tripped over her blue ribbons on her shoes and grazed her knees and hands; Simon came running over like the saviour he is because he saw little Alex crying for her mother. Her mother was no where to be found. Gone. Lost. Her mother had left her all alone because she was disgusted and terrified of what her daughter was.Simon wiped away Alex's tears with his thumb and hugged her hoping to make her feels better.Her eyes not meeting his until he kissed her hand grazes hoping to cure them with magical kisses.She looked up through her dark long lashes with her blue orbs into Simons brown ones. That was the day, Simon Lewis pledged that he would protect this girl with his life.
Erykah was just your regular 17 year old girl with lots of love and generosity.When she was just a baby her parents split up causing her to live with her mom and her adopted little brother. Erykah never  let her parents fued get to her. With her mom being single for years she was so accustomed to it just being that. But little did Erykah know her mom was unhappy and really lusted for a man until her mother meets a man name Patrick. Patrick was everything to Erykah's mother but to Erykah he was the biggest threat to herself. Patrick begins to rapes Erykah sending her into downward spiral to the point she so scared to tell. A beautiful full of life soul shattered into a billion pieces. How will this turn out? Will Erykah speak up or let this scar her repeatedly till the point she breaks. PLEASE READ ON [ (C) copyrighted toTyvia Wilson 2014
[W R I T E R' S N O T E ]
WARNING: PLEASE DON'T COPY ANYTHING FROM MY BOOK IN ANY SHAPE OR FORM IF YOU WILL, I UNLEASH MY FURY
Anyways...
I am thebookenchantress or Saffron/ Saff if you wanna call me by my pen name:) I haven't written in a long time so please bare with me and thank you for taking your sweet time to read this book. FYI there are plenty of grammar mistakes in this story, so this message is dedicated for all the grammar nazis out there... don't hurt me too much!>_< However, I'll still try to fix them.
All the places, cities, names are completely fictional; so in other words, if you try to find these places in the internet then you won't be very successful!
I love you guys so much <3
CAUTION: This story will give you a message feels fest and tons of corny jokes to share with your friends:P And I'll contain the amount of cheese that I want to be in here:)
So with that, ENJOY THE STORY:)
-thebookenchantress
Chapter #1: Peyton Hills
This is for you dad. Sorry you had to leave this way. Hope you enjoy this all the way from wherever you are. 11/17/14. RIP.
Picture of Peyton on the right >
***
Blaaaacch.
"Peyton why are you throwing up?!" my mom shouts at me from the outside of the bathroom door.
"I think I caught the flu mom," I lied, scrunching up my face in hopes that my lie would go unnoticed.
I definitely did not go to a wild party last night at Daniel's house and get wasted out of my mind... On a Sunday. Note the sarcasm. Here I lay, on the cold tile floor of my bathroom, literally throwing up my insides. I've never had such a bad throbbing head ache before, and being hung over on a school day wasn't the greatest idea. Not that I had a choice.
"Oh dear, you don't have to go to school if you don't want to hun!" my mom replies, clearly noticing my gross barfing. 
"Nah I think I'll be okay," I smile in triumph, flushing the toilet and gurgling some water in my mouth.
I turned off the running tap and pulled off my tight clothes from the night before. I turned the hot water on and stepped into my shower, letting the warm water loosen my muscles. Within seconds, I was wrapping myself in a towel, running over to my closet. The shower really loosened my muscles and the aching my stomach went away just as quickly as it came.
I still had a throbbing headache as I tugged at all my clothes, struggling to find a proper outfit. One that was socially acceptable- of course.
I manage to grunt, stub my toe on the corner of my wall and trip on some flip flops as I attempted to put on my shorts. I could feel the heat of the sun warming my skin through the window, and I already felt sweaty. I felt refreshed now that my stomach was empty, and I had no rush of vomiting. I mentally thanked the every single God in the book, and pull over a plain white tank top while shoving on my black converse. I managed to hop down the stairs without cracking my head open and make my way to the kitchen alive.
I never really ate breakfast in the mornings, ever since I was a kid. Breakfast always seemed to make me sick so I rarely ate in the mornings. My mom stood by the stove as she ran the whisk through the yellow eggs in the bowl. Her short blonde her was straightened, standing short at the back and longer at the front. My dad stood behind her, leaning his head in the crook of her neck and whispered; what I'm guessing something cheesy, into her ear. Seeing my parents this happy almost every morning made me, really happy. I wish some day I can have a relationship like theirs. I giggled silently.
"Ew! Get a room, parentals!" I gagged jokingly as I filled my bottle up with water.
My dad quickly jerked around and my mother almost dropped the bowl of eggs she was whisking, looking a little pink in the cheeks. "Hey dear!" she said, quite over enthusiastically.
"Hi dad. Please, give mom love bites somewhere else. Kitchen is for food, not for romantic love and se-" I was quickly interrupted by my fathers loud voice.
"Stop right there young lady! If you're feeling sick remember to call us okay?" my dad tosses me an apple. I catch it right in the palm of my hand and dramatically roll my eyes, as I plopped the apple into my bag.
"Alright dad," I smile grabbing my keys, "bye mom, bye dad! Love you guys!"
"Love you too!" my mom waved, her bright red, sophisticated lipstick turning into a big grin.
She knew she was losing the fight.
She knew she had very little time.
And then, she would never see him again.
She would never know his name,
nor would he ever know her.
She wanted to face him.
She wanted to be his friend.
But while he was always in the spotlight,
she was a mere person in the backstage.
So, she wrote letters for him.
Every day,
until two long months,
she wrote letters to him
and hid them in his locker.
Every day, she expected him to read those letters and try to find out who wrote them.
Yet, every day, he dismissed them as some kind of joke.
Then, one day, she left.
Frustrated.
Devastated.
And heartbroken.
And he was left with a bunch of letters to cry on and a whole lot of pain.
-Prose Poetry-
"Get away from the window Lexi!" I gasped as my best friend had her head and half of her body sticking out of my two story bedroom window.
"Okay,but I'm trying to get a glimpse of your new neighbors." She said sticking herself out further.
"Are you trying to give me a heart attack!" I panicked,holding my chest.My heart was jumping in my chest.
"You win! "She laughed,coming from near death.I took a huge deep breath of relief and put my hand over my heart,it was slowing down some.
"I hope it's a hot guy"..Lexi said winking.
Lexi and I have been friends ever since I moved here which has been all my life.I lived in a decent neighborhood where most of the homes are brand new.The house next door has been empty for a few months,I used to sneak in it and meditate,whenever the sales person forgot to lock it.I am currently a high a school student in my senior year,my grades are pretty good,but I'm not popular.Lexi is on the cheer squad,so I guess you can say she's in the popular crowd.She sometimes sits and eats with my sworn enemies at lunch time.Who are all cheerleaders.
"Oh my wow!" Lexi squealed staring at the window."What is it now?" I asked her sorting my clothes.
"No shirt on"...I heard Lexi say.I was so into my sorting,I wasn't sure what she was talking about.
"My teddy bear or my collection of ken dolls." I joked trying to get her attention.
"Outside silly"..she laughed. "I can't picture you having any dolls Skyler."
"I guess not. "I told her.
Um...Skyler...Lexi said as she was pulling her dark brown hair up into a bun.
"What is it?"
"Come here quick!"
Lexi grabbed me and pulled me towards the window.
I couldn't believe what I saw.It was him and he looked so good.
"Blake Rivers is your neighbor?she questioned me, never looking away.
"Oh boy,"I muttered.
"What ,this is awesome."she smiled.
"He hates me and I think I hate him."I told her walking towards my closet in shock.
How could this be? I thought.
I ran to the window to double check and just maybe I was seeing Blake,but Lexi saw him to.
Ugh! I thought. The nerve of his family! I was being ridiculous yes,but this was bad.
"It's not that bad Sky"..she told me grabbing her purse.
"I have to go to practice,I'll see you tomorrow at school."
"See you tomorrow."I told her heading down the steps.
_____
"Cookies!" I said to no one in particular,as I reached for a homemade chocolate chip cookie.
"Just a couple Skyler,your grandmother is taking them to the senior center tonight."
"Oh darn"I laughed.
"Also I'm baking my famous oatmeal softies for our new neighbors."
"No!" I yelled a little to loud.
"I mean, I love your oatmeal cookies",I took a big bite to shut myself up.
"I'll be gone for a bit tonight,will you be okay?"my mother asked me taking her keys out of her purse.
"I'll be fine."I told her.
"I'm so thrilled someone lives there,now I won't worry about you so much",she said kissing my head.
"What? "I laughed.My mom was strange like me,although I was pretty eccentric,I wore mostly long skirts,baggy shirts,glasses and hats or a bandanna.
"I want oatmeal cookies !" I whined.
"Well,okay...I might have time,I don't think we need to leave for another hour or so."
"Yay!" I could always finish baking them.I offered.
"Hi sweet granddaughter!" My  grandmother came at me with a hug.
"Hi grams",I said giving her a big hug.
"We need to leave soon dear",my grandmother said to my mother looking at her watch.
"Okay, Skyler I started the cookies,finish them up and tomorrow we can take them next door."
Heck no! I wanted to tell her.I shook my head and took another bite.
_____
Later that evening I decided to go outside to meditate and just enjoy nature.I wanted to forget seeing Blake.
"Hey!" I heard a voice.
I looked up to see a shirtless Blake Rivers and I struggled to find my words.
"Oh no! The freak...geez can you not do weird stuff where everyone can see? I have friends coming over."
It's funny how I knew *friends over* meant a party.
"Oh, so you're throwing a house warming party?" I asked in a  condescending tone.
"Lovely,but this is my yard and I can stay here."
"Whatever weirdo... You might not like my choice of music" he added.
"I have headphones and I'm not worried about your head banging music."I said putting my headphones back on and I lifted my arms up and took a deep breath.
Blake shook his head and walked back to his yard.____Later on after 8 pm I was still at it.I planned on going in soon to shower and eat.
"Weirdo!"
"Can I help you?" I asked irritated.I looked over to see over a couple dozen people at his house,some were staring at me and some laughing and pointing.
"Do you plan on going in soon? You're a big distraction."
"Excuse me! I'm not bothering anyone."
Then I heard chanting..
"Go in! Go in! Go in!" Everyone was saying it.
I was humiliated and I wasn't even at school.I got up to run away but I tripped over Blake's shoe and everyone laughed.
I pretty much ran in the house crying,I hope he enjoys his stupid party...I thought. What a jerk!!
I took a shower and walked to my room,still in a towel.My dresser was near the window,I was looking for underwear,when I noticed Blake staring at me from inside his room.I stood there in shock and he closed his drapes as if I was unattractive or bothering him.
Whatever Blake! I thought angrily.
I got dressed in my pajamas and went to make me a sandwich.It was getting late,I wondered how long my mom would be gone,I was feeling tired,I ate and decided to go to bed.I walked into my room to see Blake's curtains wide open only to see him making out with some blond.
Eww! 
I decided to close my curtains and go to sleep.
"Sam! Wake up!"
What a wonderful way to wake up in the morning.
I groaned and flipped over in bed but as luck would have it-- I fell off. And a beautiful way to start it.
"Ouch," I complained while I rubbed my eyes with my hurt arm and rubbed my wound with the other. Stupid bed, stupid me, stupid everything. 
"Charles! Get her out of bed this instant!" mom called out to dad.
Of course, she was an early riser. Well, excuse me for not wanting to get up early! Not all people in the world like mornings! I'd definitely like to include myself in that list though. . .
At the name of dad, I shot out of bed. You see, my dad wasn't normal. Nope. He was a crazy psycho. He wasn't as crazy as the rest of us-- in fact he was quite sane compared to us-- but mark my words, he's crazy. Who wants to wake their child through torture?
My dad always went to extreme measures to get me out of bed in the morning. Yesterday, he threw the whole bucket of water at me just to get me up and the day before that he brought in a plastic trumpet that makes a whole lot of noise if you press a button! The whole house could get up by just a click. I don't even know where he got those from. Maybe it's just one of the old toys I had when I was a kid. How do the batteries still work? Maybe he got new ones from the store. Whatever, not the point.
I do hope I would get revenge. But I'm still not certain how or when. Or anything. But I will. You keep watching, dad, I will. I've made it my life mission! Not really, though. I'm just going to stop with my stupid thoughts.
"I'm up!" I announced and ran into the bathroom to get ready. I was too pissed at mom and dad to go down and tell them 'good morning' and things like that. They didn't deserve any kindness from me. Even if I did ask them to do all it takes for them to get me out of bed today. Today was my big day. But I still don't think it was worth getting out of bed for. But maybe I'm saying that because I'm still sleepy. What is up with me and rambling in my head? 
Once I finished taking a bath, I changed and went down make-up less. I knew I would get a good scolding from mom, but make-up just irritates me. I don't have anything against people putting it on though, I just think it's pointless. Who's there to impress? 
I texted my best friend, Gabriella- Gabby- as it was too long to say all the time. It was a bit saddening to know that I was going to leave her and then meet up with her in god knows how long, but I really think we made up for the time we were going to separate in the past week. We had sleepovers, pictures in our phones, and quite a few memories to last us a lifetime. How could I forget the boys? Yup, they were included in them. Even if they practically shoved their ways in.
My name was a different story, even though my name was Samantha, I got pissed off at whoever called me that; Sam was just fine. Sam. Recite it again and again. It's not that hard to remember. In fact, I don't even know why my parents would name it so long. Sam. See? Short and simple.
God, even the teachers knew better than calling me Samantha,  and they wouldn't, not unless they want a death wish anyway. And as much as they all hate me, they can't deny the fact that I've got good grades. And the principal loves me. Which is why I almost never get into trouble, even if I actually do. Does that make sense? The best part is that I could proudly boast that I never got into trouble on my application- even if I actually did. They never found evidence on me so I never had gone into detention or anything like that. Lucky me, huh? 
I made my way downstairs only to be greeted by the biggest surprise-- not really, I think I'd chop their heads off if they hadn't come- but, a surprise nonetheless. All of my friends were here to send me off to university-- wait, where's Gabby? Oh god. I'm going to kill her if she doesn't come in time. 
Jamie's POV"Jamie!" The dirty mop almost flies out my sore hands at my boss's bark. "Jamie, I need you to close up tonight!" My greasy hair boss orders from behind the counter of the small bakery. Fighting to keep my green eyes from rolling in my head, I tighten my hands on the mob and focus on trying to clean the muddy floor.
"Ok, Mr. Miller." I force out in an even tone. Swallowing down my frustration, and disappointment I mop the dirty floor harder. My shift was originally suppose to end no later than ten o'clock, but that was half an hour ago. Mr. Miller is deciding to clock out early, meaning I'll be hurrying to finish my job and my boss's job all before midnight, and that's if I'm fast enough. Whistling Mr. Miller struts across my freshly mopped floor smugly, completely undoing my hard work with a trail of dirty footprints. I'm suddenly glad when he exits out the front door, good riddance.
Minutes race by and melt into hours as I scrub, and restock the bakery. All the chairs are hoisted high onto the wobbly tables, and all the baked goods are stored neatly in the freezer in the back. For someone being in a rush I did a great job, a health inspector would willingly want to eat here. Keys jingle in my hand as I lock up as my body shakes from the bone chilling cold outside. It's the kind of aching cold you only feel at one in the morning.
"Excuse me, miss." I stiffen like a board at the sound of a deep voice. For a spilt second the idea of just breaking out in a run crosses my mind, but I don't even know what I'm running from. I can't find my voice as I turn to face a guy that makes my stomach churn with nerves. Towering over me at 5'8 a guy with a black hoodie over his head of dark hair looks around anxiously. The hoodie casts a shadow over his face, the only thing visible is chapped pink lips, and the tip of his structured nose.
"Is the bakery closed?" The suspicious guy asks in a hoarse voice. Fighting off the petrified look off my face I manage a curt nod since my voice is lodged in my throat from fear. He's... Not going to do anything to me, right?
"Good." Good? How is missing the diner rush good? "Because I'm going to rob you." My ears burn with pure terror as I choke down a scream. My limbs move on their own as I pull pepper spray out of my bag and attack his eyes.
"I'm sorry!" I cry in a shaking voice that matches my shaking hands. The smell of burning chemicals violates my nose, and bring tears to my green eyes.
"AHHHH! Ow! Motherfucker!" The guy shouts. He collapses at me feet, wiping frantically at his eyes.
Oh god. Did I blind him?!
"I'm sorry!" I gasp, dropping onto my knees next to him. Wiping away the trails of tears pouring out from his irritated eyes my hands knock off his hood that revel a handsome face with a nasty bruised eye.
"It hurts! It hurts! Oh god, it hurts!" The guy twists in pain in my arms and claws at his eyes.
"I'm sorry! Are you okay?" My stomach drops as blood starts to pour out his nose like a running faucet. Looping my arms under him I muster all my strength to pull him to his feet.
"We have to go to the hospital!" I cry out, my buckling legs the only thing holding both of us up. My arms struggle to hold the guy as he lurches and jolts from the pain. Every groan and cry from the guys's mouth grinds against my eardrums, making my heart sink. I really hurt this guy! I hurt somebody! I attacked someone!
Characters:
Danielle- 16 years old, April 15th, 10th grade, loves soccer and playing pranks. Hunter is her older brother. CJ is her best friend.
Cj- 16 years old, March 30th, loves soccer, pulling pranks, Dan (what he calls her) is his best friend. 10th grade. Secretly likes someone.
-Badboys-
Jonah- 17 years old, December 21st, 11th grade, plays soccer. Friends with Hunter, Drew and Ashton.
Hunter- 17 years old, March 15th, 11th grade, Dani's older protective brother. Friends with Jonah, Drew, and Ashton.
Drew- 17 years old, February 21st, 11th grade, He's friends with Jonah, Hunter, and Ashton.
Ashton- 17 years old, January 5th, 11th grade. Friends with Jonah, Hunter and Drew.
***
Author's Starting Note:
Remember please do Not, I repeat do not steal my story idea. I am aware there are a bunch of bad boy stories on here, but this book has humor and bit of romance. I am going to try to make it as funny as I can.
There's probably gonna be a lot of grammar and spelling problems so please don't mind those. It's VERY cliche. ;)
Now there's not going to be a lot of swear words. I'm not one for them. However, they will be close to swear words I guess you can say. Like friggin, damn. But I might just put abbreviations for other words.
Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy!
Thanks,
Dilettante Amateur 🤓
Started: December 10th, 2015
Ended: TBA

Stoję przed lustrem, zastanawiając się, czy lepiej wyglądam w sukience czerwonej, czy żółtej. W końcu jednak wybieram tę czerwoną i szybko zbiegam na dół. Zastaję tam smutnych rodziców siedzących przy stole.
- Dzień dobry mamo! Cześć tato! - witam się z nimi, dając każdemu z nich całusa w policzek. - Jak się spało?
- Nicole... - mówi niepewnie mama - musimy wyjechać.
- O, uwielbiam zostawać sama w domu! - cieszę się.
- Nie, Nicole - wzdycha tata. - Musimy wyjechać. Naprawdę. Straciłem pracę.
- Co? Przecież tak dobrze...
- Wiem - przerywa mi ojciec. - I dlatego postanowiłem znaleźć jak najszybciej nową pracę.
- A mama? - pytam.
- Ja też chcę pracować. Boimy się, że ojciec nie znajdzie już tak dobrej pracy i że... - macha ręką, jakby chciała odgonić złe myśli. - Załatwiliśmy ci opiekuna. 
- Słucham?! - krzyczę.
Błagam, tylko nie to! Nie mam już pięciu lat i potrafię sama o siebie zadbać! Proszę, nieee...
- Tak. Nie martw się, Oliver jest starszy od ciebie tylko o dwa lata. Przystojny... - tata uśmiecha się do mnie, jakby chciał mnie tym przekupić.
- Co z tego? - wzruszam ramionami. - Mam chłopaka.
- No dobra... Zacznijmy z innej strony - mówi mama. - Oliver jest bardzo miły i spokojny. Dotrzyma ci towarzystwa.
- Od dotrzymywania mi towarzystwa są moje przyjaciółki - jęczę i otwieram szafkę.
- Tu są kanapki - mama wskazuje palcem na talerz stojący na stole. - Chcieliśmy znaleźć ci opiekunkę, ale żadna nie chciała zostać na dłużej. Był tylko jeden chłopak i tylko on jeden zgodził się zostać z tobą na jakiś rok.
- Co?! Rok?! - pytam osłupiała.
- No tak - potwierdza ojciec - wyjeżdżamy na rok. Oliver przyjedzie dzisiaj około dziesiątej. Na szczęście nie idziesz dzisiaj do szkoły, jest sobota, więc...
- Tak, tak, tak, będę mogła się z nim przywitać, ble, ble, ble... - jęczę zdenerwowana i idę do swojego pokoju. 
Wyjmuję z torebki telefon i piszę SMS do Ariel, mojej najlepszej przyjaciółki.
Ja: Masakra. Załatwili mi opiekuna, bo wyjeżdżają na rok.
Ariel: Chyba żartujesz! Nie wiem, co gorsze: wyjazd ich czy opiekun.
Ja: I to, i to, ale raczej opiekun. Lubię być sama.
Ariel: Wiem, ale przecież nie na rok...
Ja: Oj przestań, jakoś bym sobie poradziła.
Ariel: No jasne, znam cię przecież. Może wyskoczymy dzisiaj na basen?
Ja: No jasne! O której?
Ariel: Jest już czynny od godziny. Możemy iść nawet teraz. Przecież pogoda jest ładna.
Ja: Tak. OK, zaraz u ciebie będę. Poczekaj chwilę.
Ariel: Pozwolą ci do mnie iść?
Ja: A dlaczego nie?
Ariel: Domyślam się, że masz teraz w domu małe zamieszanie... z tym opiekunem i w ogóle...
Ja: To problem rodziców. Załatwili mi opiekuna, to niech teraz się martwią -,-
Ariel: Oki. No to przyłaź. Czekam <3 <3 <3 ***$$$
Odkładam komórkę. Grzebię chwilę w szafce, aż trzymam w ręku mój strój kąpielowy. Z łazienki biorę jeszcze klapki, ręcznik i czepek i schodzę na dół.
- Idę z Ariel na basen - oznajmiam.
- Nie wiem, czy to dobry pomysł - mówi mama. - Zaraz przyjdzie twój opiekun.
- Nic mnie to nie obchodzi! - odpyskowuję. - Nie mam zamiaru mieć na karku jakiegoś tam opiekuna!
- Nicole... - mama zwraca mi uwagę, ale nie obchodzi mnie to.
Wybiegam z domu, nie zamykając za sobą drzwi. Pędzę prosto do domu Ariel. A przynajmniej mam taką nadzieję, bo nagle wpadam na jakiegoś faceta. Jest wyższy ode mnie o głowę, ma czarne krótkie włosy, jest wysportowany. Ma na sobie czarną koszulkę i białe spodenki w czerwoną kratkę. Ciągnie za sobą walizkę, na ramieniu ma plecak. Gdy mnie widzi, uśmiecha się przyjaźnie i pyta:
- Przepraszam, gdzie mieszka panna Nicole Brown?
- Yyy... Chyba jej nie znam - kłamię i odpycham go od siebie.
Zaczynam biec. Odwracam głowę, ale chłopaka już tam nie ma. To na pewno był ten opiekun. 
W końcu docieram do domu Ariel. Dziewczyna czeka na mnie na schodach. Gdy mnie widzi, zbiega z nich i wita się ze mną. W nowej fryzurze wygląda prześlicznie, a delikatny makijaż dodaje jej uroku. Dzięki czarnym sandałom na koturnie jest wyższa, a czarny kombinezon w letniej wersji idealnie na niej leży.
- Hej, kochana - mówię, przytulając ją jedną ręką, bo w drugiej trzymam torbę z rzeczami na basen.
- Cześć - odpowiada. - Stęskniłam się za tobą, choć widziałyśmy się wczoraj.
- Ja za tobą też - odpowiadam. - Udało mi się uciec z domu. 
- Uciekłaś. Czyli jednak ci nie pozwolili przyjść? - pyta.
- Tak. Nie. No właśnie... - jąkam się. - A po drodze chyba spotkałam mojego opiekuna...
- I jaki był?
- Jaki? No... Tata mówił, że przystojny. Niestety muszę się z nim zgodzić... - czuję, jak się rumienię. - Ale mam chłopaka.
- Wiem - Ariel uśmiecha się. - Idziemy?
- Tak - kiwam głową.
Kierujemy się w stronę basenu, a ja cały czas mam w głowie tylko obraz tego chłopaka. 
Proszę o gwiazdki i komentarze :)

"Come on baby, just one little kiss?" He urged as he pushed me harder against the lockers. "Get off of me, Tyler" I hissed through gritted teeth. I was tempted to kick him where the sun doesn't shine, but he wasn't actually restraining me, so perhaps that would be a little uncalled for. Only a little. 
"Let's see how you like being forced against a wall, buddy" a voice called before Tyler was violently ripped off of me and slammed besides me. "Sebastian, you don't have to be so rough" I sighed, as I stood watching my twin brother restrain the poor boy. 
"Name" he growled to my suitor. "What? Man, get off of me" Tyler shouted, trying to fight back, but Sebastian only slammed him into the lockers harder. "Name!" He shouted at the terrified-looking boy. "Tyler!" He exclaimed, still trying to maintain his tough guy façade. I just stood watching on, quite bored by the whole ordeal, actually. I suppose I was used to it by then. 
"Well Tyler" he began "If you ever even thinking of laying a finger on my little sister again, you will not even live to regret it? Peyton here also has six other brothers who will ensure her safety. Am I making myself clear?" "Yes" Tyler gulped, no longer able to hide his fear and pretend to be tough. "Good. Now get out of my sight" Sebastian ordered, releasing his victim. I watched as Tyler scurried away, fearing for his life. I was slightly amused. 
"What an ass" Sebastian commented, fixing his hair which had been ruffled in the struggle. He was incredibly vain, I swear he was more of a girl than me. He took longer than me getting ready in the morning, fortunately my fairy god mother had granted me with an en-suite so we did not have to fight over the shower. 
"Sebby, you did maybe go a little over board. I could have handled it" I tried to reassure him, but would he listen? No. The answer is no. Like all of my brothers, Sebastian suffers from the 'big brother complex', as I like to call it. I love them all dearly, but they are absolute morons whose only aim in life is to annoy me mercilessly. 
They are the most over-protective brothers in history, I often feel like I'm a queen and they're my personal guards, except I can't order them around, like a queen. Which hardly seems fair. Needless to say, they've never let me near enough to a boy to be in a relationship. My brother Hunter nearly hospitalised the boy I had my first kiss with. As if a high school girl didn't have enough trouble securing a boyfriend... 
Hunter is by far the scariest of my brothers, even though he's not the oldest, but he definitely works out the most and has the shortest temper. It goes Ethan at 23, Elliot at 21, Hunter at 19, Blake, Riley and Kai are the triplets at 18, and then Sebastian and me: Peyton Montgomery. 
Why did my parents have so many children you ask? Because they're crazy, of course. My mother had always wanted a little girl and wasn't going to stop until she got one. Of course, she didn't expect that she was going to have the triplets, but she always said that fate worked in weird ways. 
I personally believe that fate is sick and twisted. When she finally had me, her only daughter, she was snatched from the world not not longer after. My father struggled to raise all eight of us, but he was the sweetest and most kind father we could have ever wished for. I guess that's why the boys were so protective of me, I was their only girl, with no mother, and they knew how much I meant to her and how fragile I could be without her. 
I can't say I miss her, she died when I was only a couple of months old, but I do yearn for her. For some female company in a house full of gorillas. 
"Maybe I did go a little over board, but you're my baby sister and I have to look at for you" he said, draping his arm over my shoulder. Of all my brothers I was closest to Sebastian, I guess you could say we had the twin bond, but I had always considered him to be one of my best friends. Except when he stole my stuff to annoy me, then he was dead to me. 

Step right, step left, jab.
	Again. 
	Step right, step left, jab.
	The mantra repeats in my head as I thrust my small hand forward to make contact with the heavy bag, hardly getting it to sway. I repeat the move over and over, mentally talking myself through it just as Josh, my trainer, taught me to do.
	A vision of my older brother flashes through my mind and my punches become more forceful. The large punching bag pushes further back as a result of my hit. My punches are always better when I think of my brother. He's the one person I want to use these newly learned boxing moves on — he ruined our family and if I ever see him again, I'm going to ruin him.
	I bring my left arm across my forehead, wiping the thin sheen of sweat gathered there before returning all of my attention to pulverizing this bag. I can hear footsteps from some other part of the gym behind me, but I ignore them, concentrating on my form.
	Step right, step left, jab.
	I inhale through my nose, exhaling through my mouth as my fist connects with the heavy bag. Rolling my shoulders, I stop to think about the new punch that Josh trained me for yesterday. "The trick for a successful hook is keeping your elbow bent. Aim for the liver, jaw, or the ribs."
	Step forward left, bend arm, and punch.
	The new punch stings when I first make contact with the bag, but I push the pain away and try to put more force behind my hits.
	I continue throwing punches at the stiff bag, my breathing gradually getting heavier.
	"Your elbow isn't bent correctly. If you keep throwing hooks like that, you're going to end up injured." I let my hands fall to my sides as I turn around, expecting to find Josh in front of me.
	Instead, there's a man I've never seen here before. He's tall, around six feet I'm guessing, with chestnut colored curls pushed back by an American flag bandana. Through his white tank top, I can see faint outlines of various tattoos, and the muscles he attains are obvious. When I look up to meet his eyes, I see emerald green ones staring vividly back at me, his pink lips curled up in a confident smirk.
	For some reason, that smirk just really ticks me off.
	"Do I know you?" My eyebrow raises and I cross my arms over my chest, watching as his eyes travel to watch my movement, staring at my breasts through my thick sports bra.
	"Eyes on mine, Curly."
	He meets my eyes and my sneaker impatiently taps on the padded floor. His smirk grows, testing my patience further.
	"You know exactly who I am."
	"I do?"
	I feel both of my eyebrows scrunch together as I look at him in question. My eyes study his face once more, trying to find anything that looks recognizable. Anything my memory could recall of this creature.
	Nothing.
	I'm positive that today is the first time I've ever seen him. His cocky smirk falls as he realizes that I honestly have absolutely no idea who he is.
	"Seriously?" His green eyes widen in disbelief and I halfheartedly shrug, not understanding what the big deal is about the whole thing.
	"Holden Samuels." His annoying smirk returns like he expects his name to have some kind of meaning to me. Instead, I shrug again, offering up my name.
	"Well hi, Holden. I'm Tatum. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to get back to my training."
	I start to turn my body back to the bag before I'm stopped by a large, calloused hand wrapping around my dainty wrist.
Dedicated to ajeswbqk for being an awesome fan! :D And supporting my story :)
The book trailer made by Nour1000, one of the coolest readers I've ever had. Thanks a LOT to her! <3 :D---> SEE IT!!!
This story is NOT EDITED. As it's obvious I'm slowly editing this book. The plot is good, but since its not edited you may come across errors and stuff.  There are a lot of grammatical errors and typos but please bear with it. I was like 14 when I wrote this, English is not my first language, and this was my first novel.
Thanks for reading. Vote and Comment please.
[Hey so just so you guys know, earlier this story was known as 'Good Girl Gone Bad- Thanks To Mr. Player. But I recently changed the title. So don't get confused if I ever mention the previous title or the banners on the side do not match the title :) ]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright
Love, Hate & Mr. Player.
© 2012, love-o-holic12babe (Shreya Pandey)
Published on Wattpad
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. All the characters mentioned and expressed in the book are purely the writer's property. Resemblance to any person is purely co-incidental and not intentional. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author.
Prologue
About To Meet Mr. Player
ALEX
'Love'
I think only stupid people fall in 'love', and thank God, I'm not one of them. Well, it's not like I can blame them anyway. It's not like they have a choice, you know?—to fall or not to fall in love. It just happens. We don't have a control over it. Sure, to some extent we can curb our feelings, but we can't contain it inside ourselves forever. It's not possible. But then, maybe it's not love at all. It's just a feeling we people mistake for love. At the end, it all comes down to beauty, money, lust or anything else. I don't think nowadays people actually love a person completely for who they are. There are other factors involved. I don't think the love where one can die for the other exists anymore—I just don't. Maybe I'm wrong, but this is my opinion.
I, Alexandra Rogers do not, and absolutely not, believe in the concept of love. If this was a book or a movie, maybe I would have. Because right now, the true kind of love, and I mean the real kind of love doesn't exists on earth. It's only present in those romantic novels and movies, not in real life; at least not when it comes to teenagers, in fact most of the adults too. Once in a while I come across old couples and feel a small flicker of hope in my heart. You see, seeing them gives me hope. It gives me hope about the existence of love, the true kind of love.
Not that I want to fall in love. Sure I have one of those days where I see a couple and feel a strange longing inside my heart, and I want to experience, just for once what it really feels like--those feelings described in romantic books and movies. The people sound so happy. Is it really all rainbows and unicorns when it comes to love? Even the mirror has a dark, black side. Then why not love? My friends, love has a dark side too. Love hurts—a lot. There is no love without pain, and hurt. Love gives you tears, heart-breaks and everything in between. It twists your soul and crushes your heart until you're incapable of feeling anything for anyone. Love hurts. It breaks you. It kills you alive.
NOTE: THIS STORY HAS NOT GONE UNDER ANY MAJOR EDITING. 
|| PARTO N E ||
• PROLOGUE •

Evie
     I couldn't believe this was happening. 
     My cheeks were burning with embarrassment as I stood there, clutching my lunch tray in my shaking hands. I couldn't control the rapid pace of my heart, while it pounded and resonated loudly in my ears.
     They were all laughing—every single one. I wasn't sure why. I was completely blindsided. All I did was step in the room, and everyone in the cafeteria fell into hysterics.
     Their eyes shot through me like daggers, and it seemed as if I were an animal ready for slaughter. Even though Valerie was right beside me, I was completely singled out. The spotlight was on me and there was no way to escape its scorching heat.
     "Evelyn, Evelyn, Evelyn," a sickeningly, sweet voice cooed as a blonde figure emerged from the crowd. My jaw clenched, and my eyes narrowed. Grace Hawthorne—my ex-best friend and current best friend's girlfriend.
     My eyes suddenly widened. Adam. Where is he?
     Hastily, I whipped my head around in all directions, furiously scanning the faces of the rest of the student body. Each one held the same expression: complete and utter amusement. There was something I was missing here, and I never wanted to find out what it was.
     My teeth gritted together harder when I brought my attention back to Grace. To think me and the girl who was now the head of this band of hyenas used to braid each others' hair at sleepovers.
   Suddenly, the blonde placed a hand over her mouth to clear her throat while pulling a paper from her back pocket. With a devious smile, she glanced up at me and then to either side of her before reading, "If only you could see that it's you and me. Me and you. If you could only see that I do everything for you while she—"
     At that moment, my heart fell deep into the very pits of my stomach. I tried my best to tune her out. That's my song, I screamed in my head. That is my song.
   "Grace, stop!" I wished right then that I could've ripped my strangled cry out of the air. Without thinking, I threw my tray onto a nearby table and charged over to her to rip the notebook leaflet from her manicured fingers. 
      As I got closer, Grace quickly spoke the last line of the chorus. "And baby, it's you. With me is just—" She let out a loud guffaw before she finished, "Just where you belong." She looked up at me then, a hard look plastered on her face. "Why? It's looks like we have ourselves a little composer. This wouldn't happen to be about Adam, would it?"
   When Grace and I finally came nose to nose, I tore the page away from her. Doing my best to make it seem like I wasn't on the verge of a breakdown, I sneered, "Where did you get this?"
   This song—she should've never been able to see, touch, or even hear about this song. It was securely hidden in a notebook buried in the depths of my room. No one knew about that book except for—
   Just then, I took the time to look away from Grace and survey the crowd again. Somehow I spotted him, standing there behind a dozen kids. Adam's face was a pale red, and what seemed to be a disappointed expression dawned his features. He locked eyes with me, my desperate gaze begging him to save me and get me out of this mess. But when he looked away as if he didn't know who I was, I felt a sharp pang surge through my chest.  
"What is falling in love like?
Is it like sleeping, slowly then all at once?
Is it like eating your favorite food and wanting more?
Is it like drinking the same drink for a week and you eventually get tired of it?
Or is it something that will let the zoo free and cause a riot in your stomach, something that will make you start rambling gibberish?
But know that it's definitely something that will make your heart beat faster . . . the moment you fall."
Vote. Comment. Be A Fan. 
WSBMSD 
-PerfectlyStubborn

Napatingin ako sa isang Restaurant na malapit lang dito sa eskwelahan na natanggapan ko ng scholar. Nagbabakasakali akong baka makapagtrabaho ako dito. 


Pumasok ako sa loob. Malaki ito at malinis ang paligid. Five star restaurant. 


Nagtungo ako sa counter. Nakailang lunok na ako ng laway. Sana naman hiring sila. 


"Hi, Good Morning. May hiring ba kayo dito?" Napatingin ako sa mga staffs dito na sandaling napatitig sakin. Isang sigundo rin ang katahimikan na iyon at tumitig lang sa akin hanggang tumikhim yung isa kaya bumalik sila sa mga sarili nila.


"Miss? Mag-aapply ka? Sa hitsura mo mukhang hindi ka sanay sa trabaho ah. May experienced ka ba?" tanong sa akin nung isang babaeng nasa 20's na ata ang edad.


Napayuko ako at marahang umiling. Namuhay ako sa isang marangya kaya kailanman hindi ko naranasang magtrabaho. Hindi ko naranasang maghugas ng plato, maglaba, magwalis. Lahat ng maliliit na bagay na 'yon ay hindi ko naranasan. 


"Nako hija, malabo kang matanggap dito lalo na't wala rin kaming bakante. Kailangan kasi dito may experienced." sabi nung isa pa. Gusto kong maiyak dahil pakiramdam ko hindi ako makakapagtrabaho sa ganitong estado.


"M-Marunong akong magtupi ng damit." daing ko. Nagkatinginan sila at natatawang napailing. Nakagat ko ang pang-ibaba kong labi. 


"Miss, hindi yan pwede dito." sabi nung babae kanina.


Napabuntong ako ng hininga. Ito yung Restaurant na malapit lang sa eskwelahan na papasukan ko kaya pabor ito sa akin. Ano bang trabaho ang papasukan ko? 


"Hey... may problema ba dito?" Nakuha ng isang malambing na boses ang buo nilang atensyon. Ang ganda ng boses nito.


"Ah Sir ito po kasing babae naghahanap ng trabaho." 


Napakurap ako dahil sa sinabi nung babae. Sir? Mabilis ko itong nilingon. Kunot noo niyang ibinaling sakin ang buo niyang atensyon. Napaawang ang bibig niya sandali na para bang may gusto siyang sabihin pero itinikom niya at pinasadahan ng tingin ang mga empleyado. 


"Good Morning po Sir." Marahan akong yumuko. Sa pustura nito parang magkaedad lang kami. 


"No. Don't do that Miss. Nakakahiya. Kaedad lang ata tayo." Humalakhak siya na ikinatitig ko sa mukha niya. Yung mga mata niya ngumingiti rin. Posible pala 'yon? Ang gwapo niya. Sumisigaw sa karisma ang buo niyang hitsura.


"Teka, trabaho ba? Hire kana." Nginitian niya ako at tiningnan ako ng maigi. Lumiwanag ang mukha ko. 


"T-Talaga? Thank you!" Sa sobra kong saya ay napayakap ako sa kanya. Ilang sigundong prinoseso ng utak ko ang ginawa ko hanggang kumalas ako sa pagkakayakap. 


"S-Sorry." Namumula ang pisngi kong nag-iwas ng tingin sa kanya. 


"Okay lang. Akala ko nga hahalikan mo ako." Tumawa ulit siya. Nakakatulala ang tawa na 'yon. Lalo na ang mga mata niyang nawawala agad at ang halakhak niyang ang ganda pakinggan.


"P-Pero Sir Jimin, wala po siyang experienced." sabi nung babae.


"Wala rin akong experienced. Matututunan niya rin yan. Miss, nice meeting you. Pwede ko bang malaman ang pangalan mo?" Inilahad niya sakin ang kamay niya. 


"S-Snow. Snow Alvarez." Nakipagkamay ako sa kanya pero nagulat ako nang hinalikan niya ang tuktok ng kamay ko. Napakalambot ng labi na 'yon. Namumula akong napatingin sa mukha niyang nakangiti na sa akin.


"Hi Snow. I'm Jimin. Sige, alis na ako. Mukhang may babalik balikan na ako dito." Binitiwan niya ang kamay ko at ngumisi. Pinanood ko ang likod niyang lumalabas na. Perfect tone of muscles. Lalo na 'yong pwet--God Snow! Clear your mind! Kadiri ka. 


"Basta magaganda talaga walang pinapalampas itong si Sir Jimin. Ang laking kaibahan nila ng kapatid niya." sabi nung babae. 


"Miss, mukhang may trabaho kana. Pwede kang tagabigay ng order total maganda ka naman. Bagay ka doon sa black and white outfit. Para naman hindi lang puro babae ang kumain dito. May lalake rin." Humagikhik 'yong babaeng kaedad ko lang ata.


Tumango ako. Waitress. Okay narin 'yon. Kailangan kong tustusan ang sarili ko. Gusto kong ipamukha sa mga magulang ko na kaya kong mag-isa. Gusto kong maranasan ang mga bagay na hindi ko naranasan simula nang isinilang ako sa mundong 'to.
Chapter One
 
I woke up gasping for air with my heart racing, sweaty palms, hair stuck to my forehead, and completely soaked in my own perspiration. I had been haunted by that dream for the third night in a row, the same dream I'd been having since I was a little girl. It had been years since I'd seen it, and now, it was reoccurring all over again
I could never understand, or figure that dream out, everything was so confusing, so terrifying, especially as a child. Although, if you asked me what I was afraid of, I couldn't tell you, because I didn't know. I was simply just...afraid. But I knew better, I knew deep down that there was a reason to be afraid...very afraid.
"Happy birthday Riley!" I literally fell out of bed and flat on my butt at the sound of another voice, swearing a few colorful strings of sentences. "Oh by the way, mom said wake up or you're going to be late."
I groaned. "Just get out Lexi."
My sister rolled her eyes as she stuck her tongue out. "And to think I've lived with you for the past 17 years of your life."
"16. I'm older dufus." I flung a pillow at the back of her head as she exited my bedroom. Pulling myself up off the floor, I yawned, running a hand over the goose bumps still on my arms, and they weren't from the cool air of my bedroom either. I had to shake that dream from my head, I just had too.
I hated the first day of school, and this first day of school was going to be the worst first day of school, because it was my first day of school at a new school.  
Yay for me.  
Said no one ever. At least I had junior year to look forward too, hopefully.
I had to sift through boxes that I still hadn't had time to unpack. Okay, in reality, I was being stubborn and lazy. I didn't want to unpack, if I did, that meant that I was accepting this new house, this new town, and this new life. I wanted to go back to the city, not that Greenwich was bad, it just wasn't the city.
When I finally managed to make myself somewhat decent, I made my way downstairs, tugging at my stupid too short uniform skirt. "Geez, and you pay for these stupid things why?" I complained to my mother as she sat my favorite breakfast down.
"Happy birthday sweetheart." She ignored with a kiss on my head.  
"Why does everyone keep saying that? You guys know I hate my birthday."
"Well you shouldn't dear, you can't let what happened in the past dictate your future."  
"Yeah, but you weren't there." I cringed as I thought back to my eighth birthday, let's just say too much cake and a bouncy house led to a bad combination of screaming and a questionable substance sprayed all over my friends, some of which who still hadn't forgiven me.
I was quickly snapped out of it as my dad's tall frame came stomping in. "Morning sunshine." He kissed my head. "Here's your not-a-birthday-present present."
I smiled. "See, this is why I like you more."
Chapter 1 - hell baby
Tanya Ivanov POV
papauwi na kami ngayun ni yana sa mansion namin sa russia,dahil na mi-miss na namin si papa.
''did you bring some suviners for papa? '' tanong ni yana sakin habang sya naka inom ng wine.
'' net!(no)'' sagot ko nag nod naman sya at kumain na naman ng salad.eto talagang kapatid ko pala kain talaga,pero di naman tumataba.
'' Gde zdes;v Rossii promakha (where here in russia miss) '' announce ng pilot, at ini land na ang private jet namin sa private landing namin. sosyal diba! malamang were rich kaya! hahaha
'' vy gotovy?(you ready?)'' tanong ko kay tanya, habang sya ayun kuma kain na nman ng gummy bears. hay nko, pero wag kang ano! love ko yang kapatid ko! ^_- wink yan huh!!!
''yup *munch*'' sagot nya naman habang kuma kain parin!
nag land na ang private jet namin at maya-maya ang lalabas na kami
Few Minutes Later......
'' okay here we go '' exited na sabi ni yana habang pababa ng jet namin.
'' hello there baby! '' exited ko namang sabi ng makita ko ang Ferrari 458 Spider ko sa tapat ng jey namin kong saan ito ini landing
'' ihatid nyo nlang yan sa mansion ang mga gamit namin! okay '' sabi ko at sumakay na sa ferrari ko at ganun din si yana
'' wow! tanya! san ka galing nito? '' hanggang sabi ni yana habang ini-ikot ang mata sa kotse ko
'' dont worry babes, meron karin nito sa mansion '' sabi ko, napatingin naman kaagad sya sakin
'' really!!! oh my god. thanks babes '' sabi nya sabay hug sakin. oh bdw im 1 year older than yana okie!!! 
nag start na ako ng engine at grabeh ang sarap pakinggan!!! bagong bago!! 
'' WOAH!!!!'' sigaw ni yana ng pinindot ko ang no roof !!! nag chuckle lang ako dahil, masaya ang kapatid ko at ganun din ako! 
'' is papa know that were coming back now? '' tanong ni yana
'' probably no. let's surprice him! '' sabi ko naman. dahil may binili akong mga imported na mga wine, dahil mahilig kasi sa wine si papa.....
pag dating namin sa mansion namin or villa or whatever ang tawag nyo.! na shock kaming mag kapatid dahil PINK ang color ng gate... who ever did this i will really rip his/her head
'' what the fvck '' curse ko na mahina lang!. tinignan ko naman si yana ang pula na sa galit nya dahil sya kasi ang nag assign ng color sa gate or mansion namin at ako sa naman mag de-decorates
''calm dow babes! '' pag ka kalma ko kay yana
'' that bitch!! '' curse ni yana, patay talaga si stacy kay yana. baka mapatay ni yana yung baabe na yun............well mukang alam nyo na naman kung sino si stacy right! our one and only inggitirang pinsan.......nag drive nlang ako at did i said that merong mga kotse everywhere at may mga lalaki pa na naka pat sa mga sasakyan nila. i guess na meron din sa loob ng gate talaga namin. ohh well entrance gate pa yun huh! syempre iba rin yung main gate talaga!!
Vincenzo( Vince) POV
ciao!! ako nga pala si vincenzo but you can call me vince....im 23 years old and one of the strongest mafia lord in italy. yup im italian!! 
'' Fanculo(fuck). bakit ba di pa nila tayo pinapapasok sa loob'' sabi ko na may pag ka galit ang tono...pano ba naman kanina pa kami dito sa main gate nila hinihintay na sabihin ng isa manlang tauhan na 'you can come in' na pero wala. hopeless!!
''easy lang bro! '' pag ka-kalma naman sakin ni Adrik sakin which is one of the strongest mafia lord din.
kung tinatanong nyo na kung bakit kami ngayun nandito sa letseng villa na ito ay may gang meeting kami, dahil war na magaganap at nag hahanap ang russian mafia lord na which is bahay nya ito ngayon. at sya ang pinaka malakas, mayaman, at ma impluwensya na tao. kaya isang mali lang siguradong mamatay kana ka agad!
at napansin ko din na bakit pink ang color ng Main gate nila?? baka may anak syang babae??ewan ko na nga........at ang ingay pa sa loob ng mansion, dinig na dinig ko ang mga babaeng boses. mukang nag pa-party ata sila...hay sakit sa ulo ito!!!
*broom* *broomm* *broom* (yun po yung 458 spider ferrari ni talya)
napa tingin kaming lahat sa dumating na sports car na ferrari!!!...kaya naman pala dahil may dalawang babae ang nakasakay nito. wow rich kid!! well rich kid din naman ako ehh!! at babae pa ang nag da-drive akala ko may driver!! obvious naman diba..tss..
ayun na nga huminto sila sa gate at lumabas ang isang babae na nasa shotgun seat at hinubad ang shades nya. ganun din ang nasa driver seat lumabas din pero on parin ang shades nya
(ito po yung outfit nila TALYA and YANA)
0_0. 0_0.0_0.0_0
'' ohh shitt '' sabi ni adrik at hinubad ang shades nya '' DAMN!!'' yan naman narinig ko sa mga americano! 
'' i will really kill, eta suka(that bitch) '' sabi nung babae na nag hubad ng shades nya...russian pala tong mga babae nato.
sakto namang may lumabas na lalaki sa main gate at tumingin sa dalawang babae na halata namang na shock sya! akala ko pa naman papa-pasukin na kami :'(
'' ledi(lady)'' sabi nung lalaki at nag bow sa dalawang babae
'' just who the shit did this? '' galit na tanong nung babae na walang shades
'uh.....miss......i...'' putol-putol na sagot nung lalaki
'' okay that's it were going in '' sabi naman nung babae na hindi tinanggal ang shades
'' you cant go inside miss tanya and yana '' nervous na sabi nung lalaki
'' kakye(what!) at sino namang nag sabi na hindi kami pwedeng pumasok sa bahay namin! huh?'' galit na sabi nung tanya...i guess
'' sabi po kasi ni maam stacy! '' takot na sabi nung lalaki...bakit natatakot ang lalaking to sa mga babaeng yan! ehh mukang stripper naman sila sa bar na kinuha lang! no offence huh.
'' blyad!(fuck) bring that bitch here right now, and if u dont do that i tell you this now as the daughter of  Tamryn Ivanov i will torture you and kill you right away. and no one will ever know that your dead big man! '' saad ni tanya ulit, pero ngayun mas nakakatakot na!
'' anak nya pala yang dalawang yan! '' sabi ni adrik....hmmm...anak huh? 
'' hell baby!'' sabi ko sabay smirk!
by:jeyamomo
Alright, so I'm sure you don't want to hear about all this copyright stuff, yadda, yadda, yadda, so lemme make this quick. 
IF YOU COPY ANY ASPECTS OF THIS STORY I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND YOU WILL PAY FOR IT. 
I'm not kidding. I'm a very nice person when you know me, but if you do anything like copy my story and credit it as something YOU came up with, I will laugh evilly as I happily destroy any chance of your Wattpad fame. 
All rights are reserved to ME, and I trust that if any of my wonderful readers find another copy here or on another site, they will tell me right away. 
That being said, on with the story and I love you all! :)
Pernah nggak sih kalian suka atau mengagumi sama seseorang sampe bertahun-tahun? Bahkan, jadi pengagum rahasianya. Diam-diam suka  foto  orang itu, suka memperhatiin dan lama-lama timbul rasa suka? Kalo iya, berarti lo sama kayak gue!
Yup. Gue mengagumi seseorang selama empat tahun lamanya. Emang nggak terlalu lama sih. Tapi sampai sekarang, gue masih nggak tau kenapa gue bisa mengagumi orang itu.  
Orang yang notabenenya adalah anak eksis sekolah. Mungkin kalian mikirnya mentang-mentang dia anak eksis, jadi susah dideketin? Iya lumayan susah sih buat deket sama dia. Karakter dia dingin, dan jaga jarak sama cewek. Setiap ngomong sama cewek, ya gitu, ala kadarnya. Beruntung di kelas 11 ini gue sekelas sama dia.  Setelah sekian lama, terakhir gue sekelas sama dia saat duduk di bangku kelas 7.
 "Concur? Concur isn't a fucking word get that shit out of here" I chuckled. I moved those letters off the board.
 "It is so, concur. To agree, Abel stop cheating!" She squealed. Her tiny frame was sitting in a hot foamy bath while I on the outside of the bath. A wide ledge of our 1970's  bathtub held the scrabble board  from  inside the tub to outside the tub. I unfortanley was not inside the bath with her because I was soon to make my way to the studio . Even though it was already 12 am, work never stopped for me .I stared at  her almond eyes as she looked up at me. 
"Well look who's a walking dictionary." I teased. She remained quiet.."But that's good though, isn't that would any person would want? To be smart." I adder glaring inbewteen her and her eyes. Fuck, a girl never made me so nervous. She intimidated me even with her small frame. Her arm rested on the on the ledge as she peered up at me. Her hair had been In a noddy  bun (no noddier that mine of course) to keep from her hair getting wet. Bubbles covered her gracious body. She was perfect. This was the perfect setting. 
I placed another  word across the board. Her mouth twisted. She switched around the letters for me as it seemed that I spelt it wrong. We were he perfect boring grandparent couple. We did normal things like played scrabble and watched tv. 
It was different. I liked it. I didn't need to show her off like a trophy at a loud club where'd they'd be drugs and other temptations . I hadn't done drugs since I started to fall for her. I soon got a phone alarm that captioned that I needed to go to the studio. 
"Oh no, is it that time already ?" She wined. 
"Unfortanley it is my dear." I said while holding her chin. She held out her bottom lip and whimpered like a baby. The fact that she was naked whimpering for me to stay made me want to stay in that seat hovering over her forever. 
"I need someway to pay for all of this " I said pointing to the huge pink tiled bathroom. I soon grabbed a a trace of foam into my hand smearing it onto her hair. 
"Yeah but the studio is going to be there forever how do you know I just won't get up and  leave now?" She joked . I know it was a joke but it hit me like a brick. 
"Don't play like that" I said with a stale face. She quickly changed the subject. 
"You did really well tonight at the concert." she quickly added. I remained quiet. The thought of her leaving me one day without any reason left a horrible taste in my mouth . It remained quiet all you could hear was the water splashing up against the tub and her clacking one letter of scrabble with her finger. 
"Did I say something wrong or is it you having post dramatic bitchyness from never sleeping." She said in a mono- toned voice. She didn't even make eye contact with me. It was always subtly like this. We'd be having a perfect normal day but she would sort of hint at something I was doing wrong but I'd just ignore it . This had been my 5th night in a row without sleeping normally and I'd had enough. 
"What the fuck are you ever saying? " I growned.  She raised an eyebrow. 
"Well you know, you perform, you come home  and spend time with for maybe two seconds, and then you go to the studio and then maybe you might call me up to see what I'm doing then go back to the studio. " she said in a normal voice as if she was just having a conversation about the weather. It's true. Ever since I started tour it's been hectic. Trying to keep the girls and drugs away was also on my schedule and she just fucking be littled that. 
"You're smart, but you're not that smart. Maybe one day you'll be smart enough to to actually figure me out and leave me just like everyone else ." I also added in a calm voice. Are eyes burned at each other in rage.That escalated too quickly. But it's been in my mind from the time I started dating her . She beautiful and intelligent why is she dating someone like me? 
"Don't you ever wonder that things are going a little too perfect here?" I added. 
      "What the hell did that come from Abel? Are you high?" She questioned. 
 "I was joking I would never leave you!" She said in a concerning tone. Unfortanley that's what ever girl I've been with told me . 
"How do I know that" I almost started to break my poker face. She leaned up from her laying position still in the bat but on her knees. Her perfect glimmering body exposed with some patched of suds still left on her body.
 "Abel, if I were to leave you, don't you think I would've left by now? " she asked heartlessly. Fuck that comment left me insecure. 
"Do you think I would put with you coming home 5 am every night, the paparazzi, the weird outburst of emotions ?" She said cupping my face.
 "No one could ever love me the way you do." she whispered. "Do you think I'd put up with this hair and this beard that tickled me when we kissed?" she added while cupping my face and leaning in for a kiss. She smiled in between every peck. 
"Why are you questioning me I'm in your house, your bath naked." She explained. Everything she's been saying had only made me love her more and made me harder then ever. The alarm ran again. She easily took my phone from me and started to deepen the kiss. My hand wrapped around her wet body. "I think this bath is starting to cool down can you warm me up?" She whispered into my ear sending stings down my back. I quickly grabbed her wet body and lynched her over my back. " Abel ! Abel what're you doing! " she screamed in a frantic voice while laughing like a little girl. I soon took her to the bedroom and plopped her on the bed. Squirmed sexually against the bed. I quickly removed my clothes starting with my white bomber jacket. I got the best night of sleep of sleep I've had.
      I woke up to her not in my bed which sent a rage through my heart . I searched all around the room even the connecting bathroom.
 "What're you looking for " I heard her angelic voice calm me down. 
"Nothing" I answered. She came in with a silk gown barely covering anything that she called her body. Her curls fell perfectly and messily . 
"You look so sexy come here " her reactions when I talked to her like that still were the same as a teenage girls. I grabbed by the waist and lifted her on to my waist while her legs were on each side of my torso. I looked over at the silk sheets we raddled through. 
"You know I got really good sleep and I dreamed of a song about you " I said with a smirk developing across my face. My morning voice had taken a toll on her. 
"Let me hear it! " she squealed like a little girl that had just won the lottery. I looked over at the bed we were laying on and  teased "oh I don't know if I can even get up from this bed, the way you fucked me last night ." She giggled . 
"Stop playing Abel. You can get up!" She quickly jumped and tugged on my arms . It was a constant battle of her tugging me. Finally getting up while her small body pushed me to the grand piano in our living room . 
"This is cute." I looked at the jacket on the rack "You like this Ayden ?" 
There was no response causing me to look down. I cursed to myself not seeing my little brother near me anymore. I looked all around the store not seeing him. 
"Ayden." I called out saying excuse me as I passed by people in the store 
I was looking around for him for a whole 5 minutes before finding him in footlocker standing by some dude. 
"Ayden !" I called his name catching his attention 
He did a sly smirk as I walked over to him. 
"Sorry about that, I didn't mean for him to bother you." I told the boy grabbing Aydens hand
"Its cool." He spoke "That's yo child ?" 
"No, he's my lil brother." I finally looked up at him 
He had smooth brownskin and some nice warm brown eyes. He licked his lips and scratched his hair, which was cut into a fade with a few dreads coming out. 
"Again, sorry about him." I said before turning around 
"Aye hol' up." He grabbed my arm 
I looked back at him and raised an eyebrow. 
"I can't get your name ?" He smiled showing his gold teeth 
"It's Ashton." I told him shifting my weight from my one leg to another
"I'm Renzo." He eyed me "Where you from ?"
"Aye Renzo !" 
We both turned around seeing some big dude with blonde dreads walk up to us. He looked at me before looking back to Renzo. 
My new story everyone!!!!:D I got my inspiration from xoxoGossipGirl and yeah I actually miss that show:'( Serena and Blaire:) But this is not like gossip girl, I just got the inspiration from gossip girl:P Enjoy!
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
Prologue-Meet the players.Darren Fraser"Oh hey baby..." I answered the incoming call as I pick up my clothes that was scattered on the floor from last night, standing up and walking towards the bathroom. Condom wrappers and her lingerie that was lying on the floor were the only evidence that she got laid last night.Chicks dig for my look; 6'5 so I'm that tall and muscular macho man, brunette cropped hair that girls really love, and my grey hypnotizing eyes always get the ladies, one look and you're under my spell like medusa, only they don't turn to stone, they melt. Most chicks are easy but the hard to get ones, no problem, only I have to use my husky voice to make them fall for me. It works every time like magic.The stench of sex wafted around the bed and I scrunched up my nose. The brunette that I tagged last night was still fast asleep and I'll have to get out here fast before she wakes up. That's how I roll, strictly one night stand and I tell them that before anything happens, they dumbly agree and in the morning, they demand for a relationship. Thirsty bitches.I wore on my pants first then slid my shirt as I ran my hand through my already tousled hair, making my way towards the door as I put on my shoes."Darren! I thought you were gonna call me back?" I pulled my phone from my ear and looked at screen as it says unknown number. Oh shit, I don't know her name."I'm sorry babe, it slipped off my mind," I bit my tongue and slid out of the apartment quietly, closing the door gently behind me. I jogged towards the closing elevator and there was an elderly lady with her dog and a man who has a laundry bag, I offered them a smile but the man only smiled back while the lady gave me a once over.She's probably the neighbour of... I forgot her name because this lady might've heard us last night and that prevented her from sleeping. Then I remembered I'm still on the phone with... I need to learn how to remember the names of these girls! But then again I don't need to."Huh?" I mumbled. The girl I'm talking to was rambling about some shit I'm not paying attention too and she huffed out, probably getting irritated with me."Are you listening Darren? Do you even know my name?" She questioned me and I swallowed. As long as they don't ask me to call them by their names, I'm good but when they do, I'm dead."Of course I do baby," I chuckled nervously and the lady beside me glared coldly. Yep, she's the neighbour. The elevator door opened and I hurried out the apartment building, hailing out a taxi to bring me back to my condo unit."Then what's my name huh?" She interrogated me and I scratched the back of my head. I totally have no idea what her name is or how she got my number. I don't hand them out easily."Where at?" the cab driver asked me and I told him my address as we drive away."Uhm... Valerie?" I took a random guess and I heard her growl lowly. Well now I know that's not her name."It's Diana asshole! Don't try calling me again!" then the line ended. I frowned at my phone before pocketing it inside my jeans. Hey, she's the one who called, not me.I rested my head back on the back rest and and closed my eyes as I tried to remember anything from last night. I was at school, some girl came up to me and asked for sex, I f*cked her and we both got what we want, the pleasure of it all. That's all I'm asking. No strings attached. How hard is that to ask for?You see, Half of the girls I bag and tag are no problem, they stick to my rules and regulations, meaning they shouldn't expect any relationship or bullshit from me, but then the other half are just pathetic liars who are clinging to me in the morning.Some girl actually told me that I got her pregnant to make me stay but I didn't cause first, I knew she was lying and second, I always use protection to prevent diseases from some cheap ass whore, not that I fuck with them that is.The cab drop me off to my condo building and I gave him 20$, exiting the vehicle as I make my way inside the lobby.I'm only 17, turning 18 soon but my dad got me a condo unit last year on my sixteenth birthday and I'm kinda emancipated cause I like to live freely without my parents telling me what to do or whatnot. Mom doesn't like me bringing home girls so that's another reason I asked for my own place but I barely bring anyone home with me, this is my sanctuary and I don't fuck anyone here. The elevator door dinged and I stepped out, keying my door as I pushed it open."Sup dude?" Kyle asked, glancing at me for a second before shifting his gaze back to the TV as he watched some basketball game."Nothing much man," I sat down on the sofa, propping my feet on my knees as Kyle mutter a cuss under his breath, fully engaged on the game.Kyle has been my best friend since fourth grade and till now, he's still my homie. We mainly grew up together and I treat him as my own brother and my room mate. He keeps me sane when my life goes crazy and he's the only one who hasn't given up on me, he's my life support and I don't know what I'll do if I wasn't best friends with this guy. He also knows that you can't bring home a random girl you found in the streets here in my home, strictly girlfriends only but till now, we have none of that so no girls has entered this place."Your mom called last night, I told her you- Fuck! Get the ball back!" He shouted randomly as he scolded on the TV, jumping up like he's the coach. Like they're gonna listen to you. I watched what was happening and there was ten seconds left. I'm not a basketball guy, I'm more of a football guy so I'm not all hype as Kyle here.He groaned out when the Raptors missed the shot and flopped down the couch with a frown. "Sorry," he apologized while the commercial was on. "I was saying, your mom called last night and I told her you were out, she told me to tell you to call her back," he said and there was a lot of telling in what he told me, I sighed. Looking for momma's number in my phone. Oh dear lawd, make this conversation short and simple cause every time I talk to her, it always takes me forever to hang up.Adrianna Genova"He thought my name was Valerie!" Diana whined as tears flowed down her cheeks. I'll call her my 'friend' but were not really the best buds cause I don't like her that much. I don't even know how and why were still 'friends'."Awe! It's okay Diana," Kelsey, my other 'friend' told her. Here's the thing, were in the same group or as you can call it, 'friends', because our parents run in the same circle so we've been 'friends' since we were young, but I found out they're fake so I keep my distance and trust no bitch, I don't roll with them."I told you so," I mumbled cause I did warn Diana about that asshole Darren. He's the well known player of the school and everyone knows his title. He always brags about how he got laid and he mostly boast about how many girls he tagged. Pathetic. I don't know why all these thirsty ratchet hoes still go after him if they know about him. Stupid bitches.Diana gave me a cold glare and continued crying. I shrugged it off cause as far as they know, were 'BFFL', Best friends for life, which I found hilarious because were barely even friends, I don't go deep with these girls and they just know stuff that they heard about each other, nothing personal really.Exhibit A: for the past 12 years that I've known her, only thing I know about Diana is her personality and appearance, she gives guys in my school bjs and cheap sex which I'm totally gross out and they said that's the reason she's popular. She's the classic slut. I've also been hearing that she hates me cause she's jealous since I naturally get guys without being a cunt and I'm just that 'perfect girl' which really doesn't exist, I'm far from perfect actually. I don't even know her favourite colour or none of that.We all don't like each other secretly but were still in this fake ass group because their parents like none of that controversy that will ruin their names.We- they defend each other if ones in trouble since I stand in the background every time people call Diana a slut, not that I do anything about it, it's just I don't wanna get involve. But Kelsey for example will try so hard to save Diana and vice versa."But he was so amazing in bed! I really like him too!" She continued crying like a banshee and I rolled my eyes. Puhlease! Darren Fraser is the nastiest pig I've ever known in my entire life, I can't even look at him straight in the eyes cause I will seriously puke, he has no effect on me so I don't get why these girls like him so much?"Dreeanne! What should I do?" Diana looked over to me, pleading for help and I gave her a flat look. All my so called 'friends' has been f*cked by Darren except for one, and I warned them before hand but they don't listen and come back crying to me. I'm the only one here who doesn't catch his attention and I'm cool with that.It's not that something's wrong with me, I do get a lot of attention from other boys in school but I don't specifically interest Darren and I'm totally happy that I don't cause he's ego will fast deflate if he went after me. I'm like the pin to his balloon and I'll be sad to hurt his feelings. Not."I would say I told you so but I guess you just have to forget about him," I shrugged, analyzing my nails as she pout at me, bawling her eyes out. Damn these girls. Crying over a douchebag. Wtf.They call me Barbie but I'm far from fake. My hair is naturally straight and blonde from roots to tip, I got it from my mom who has this golden hair like rapunzel. She passed away when I was seven and I don't remember her that much but I knew she's always been beautiful from the pictures that I've seen. My eyes are bright blue which are striking that I got from my dad, I'm 5'8 and everything about me says Barbie, only thing is I don't like pink nor do I cake my face with make up, neither am I fake.I live with my dad but he's always away for a business trip or something so I get to keep the house for myself, he comes home twice a month but doesn't stay for a long time. We own a house in the upper east side of New York and everything here is just fancy this, fancy that, it's tiring sometimes. I need a new scenery."Dreeanne! you're zoning out," Fiona waved her hand in front of my face and I leaned away from her. I think she's the closest one to me because she's real and not fake unlike the others, I like her better than them, and she'd never slept with Darren before since she has a boyfriend. That's the problem, she's always with Wes so we don't really get close either."Sorry," I mumbled, staring out the window. Diana was still crying and it's getting in my nerves because she didn't even date the guy! Neither was she heartbroken so get over yourself! you're being a drama queen! I groaned as my head started to pound, I need to get rid of them, they're irritating me. "Hey, why don't you guys go to the club," I suggested and Kelsey looked at me with her tired eyes, I feel her."That's great! Let's drink your problems away Diana!" she said and I shook my head. I never said anything about drinking so it's their problem if they get a hang over tomorrow."I should," she sniffed, pushing herself up. They were all preparing to leave but I just sat there with a frown as they touch up their make up in my vanity table... Remind me to change my cosmetics."Let's go Dreeanne!" Fiona motioned over to me while Kelsey and Diana went ahead, I shook my head and sat down on my bed comfortably."You guys have fun, I'm tired anyways, I'll just stay here," I'm tired of Kelsey and Diana! I wanted to say but thought twice about it. Fiona shrugged before shutting my room closed. Thank god those brats are gone! and now I'm in peace again. I pulled out my phone and I got a missed call and voicemail from dad. I wonder what this is about.••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
(A/N) So this is the prologue:$ What do you think of Darren? Player much?;) Colton Haynes would be playing as Darren Fraser and Erin Heatherton would be playing as Adrianna:) OHmigawd! He's so hot! Like legit!:$ *Le faint* (I'm not french tho) but still! He's like my motivation to write this story and I think Erin and him looks cute:$ So yeah:P This story is different from my other ones so you should read it:) Here I go again with the long authors note;( But I'll be posting chapter 1 tonight!
Darren------->
SOTC: Boss (Ryan Hemsworth remix) Tinashe:)------>
xoFranchescaxo
Warning:
I would like to warn you guys that this story isn't edited yet. So there are A LOT of typos and wrong grammar. I am truly sorry and I hope that those errors wouldn't affect my story that much. I'm editing it soon :) 
I'll be deleting this (NOTE) once this story is edited! ;) 
-*-*-*-
All rights reserved. © GoddessOfAphrodite
Chapter 1
I sat on the chair uncomfortably. I cannot wait to be out of this plane. I have been cramped in this place for eternity!
My twin brother looked at me and then laughed.
"You keep on moving. It's like you have a worm in your ass," he teased.
"Ugh. This is so uncomfortable!" I complained.
He snorted. "Yeah, right. Says the girl who had been snoring during the whole flight."
"I hate you, Jake," I snarled at him. Yeah, planes made me cranky.
He smiled at me and then pulled me into a sideways hug.
"Oh, but you love me, sis," he said while kissing my forehead, "and I love you too."
A flight attendant who had been eyeing my brother the whole flight approached us. She gave me a disapproving look then said, "please, no public display of affection on board. There are children."
Was she stupid? I mean come on! With just one look you would know my brother and I shared the same genes. He's my twin brother! We both have the same hair color: dirty blond, nose structure, face structure. The only difference between us was that I look more feminine than him and I have weird gray eyes while he has brown eyes. Yeah, I said weird because it's gray that has a shade of purple. Yep, purple not blue.
"I'm sorry," Jake apologized and grinned at her. "I just wanted to remind my sister that I love her."
The flight attendant looked at him then to me. Her face was flushed in embarrassment.
"I'm sorry," she said and then walked away.
I scowled at her.
"Let it go before you become Hulk," Jake teased.
I slapped him and he just laughed cradling his cheek. 
I slap like a bitch.
"Is dad fetching us?" I asked keeping my hopes up.
Jake raised his eyebrows as if to say 'are you kidding me'.
He shrugged and then snorted. "Alex, no. Jett, dad's new driver slash security will be the one to fetch us."
-*-*-*-
Retrieving our bags was easy since we only have one suit case. Dad was here in London a month before us, so he could prepare everything. So all of our things were now here except for the ones that we used for a month as we stayed in California.
A man in a formal attire came towards us.
"I'm Jett, Mr. and Ms. Grey," he said extending his hand.
We shook hands and then went out of the airport. As soon as we stepped out, the cold London air hit my bare legs. I immediately wished that I didn't wear shorts today. Jake and Jett was in front of me. Then a guy bumped into me. The first thing that I noticed were his bright blue eyes. Those were the bluest eyes that I have ever seen. It was like the bluest sea you could think of. Well, maybe I'm exaggerating a bit. Then my eyes started to scan his face. He's handsome. Damn, handsome can't even cover it. He was wearing a gray beanie but there was a little of his brown hair showing.
    I looked into the mirror ...
Disgusting 
     WARNING: CONTAINS DEPRESSING MOMENTS AND SELFHARM AND ABUSE 
I deleted Jin madness returns because I didn't like where it was going ... But enjoy :)
Hey everyone.
This is my new story. I am sorry, I suck at descriptions but give it a chance. I'll hopefully make this cliched story a bit intresting.
All kinds of feedback are welcomed.
Eventhough, the title and the descriptions sounds cliche, I say that you give the story a chance, it may turn out to be diffrent and you may actually like it. Hope you do.
All rights reserved.
This story ' GOOD GIRL & BAD BOY. CLICHE!' including all chapters, prologue/epilogue and associated content ( i.e, fanfics, teasers, social networks, e-readers etc.) is copyright by the writer (love17). All rights are reserved and owned by the writer and creator of this work, any unauthorised copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution or selling of this work constitutes and infringement of copyright.
*Note - Please don't post your stories links here. I would love to read your stories and give feedback, but you can PM me for that. It may take me a little time, but I promise to read them. Also, if you have any questions or you just need to talk to someone, I am always here. It can be realted to your story or anything in the world, I am willing to talk. PM me anytime.
 That's all I want to say for now.
ThankYou.
Much love.
           
Protector Series: The Protector Series is a series of books centered around characters from the McCormick and Prince family, with a few exceptions. Some of the characters have appeared in other series, either as a crossover and being centered in the series.
Series Order:
1. Bad Boy's Protection (completed)
1.5. Dating the Bad Boy (not yet posted)
2. Senior Year With My Protector (completed)
3. My Protector: The Bad Boy (completed)
3.25. All of Me (completed)
3.5. Dedrick (in progress)
3.75. Picking Up the Pieces (not yet posted)
4. Ryder the Love Expert (completed)
5. Ryder the Love Genius (completed)
6. First Time (in progress)
7. The Ship Has Sailed (not yet posted)
8. Finding My True Self (not yet posted)
9. No title yet (not yet posted)
Other Series/Crossovers/Short Stories:
Protector Series Bonus Chapters and Content (posted and always ongoing)
Bonus: Online (posted and always ongoing)
SS. The Not-So Perfect Vacation (completed)
CO. Sebastian Vs Grayson (completed)
CO. Winter Gatherings (completed)
OS. Wilde 3 - Different: featuring a Prince (completed)
OS. Smythe 4 - My Bad Boy Persona: featuring a Prince (not yet posted)
**********
I walked down the halls of my school being pushed around in the halls. I looked up and saw Noah leaning against his locker talking to his friends. I fix my glasses and press my hair down from the rain from outside.
"Hey babe!" I said to my boyfriend Noah as I walked up to him real close and gave him a peck on the cheek. 
"Eww!!! Get away from me you... you nerd" Noah said startled as he looked at me in disgust, furrowing his eyes at me.
"What happened babe?" I said confused as I felt tears in the corner of my eyes, taking a step back from his burning gaze.
"What happened! Well here are 3 problems." He says holding up three fingers.
"First of all get your dirty hands away from me" he said in disgust, slapping my hand on his shoulder.
"Secondly, who the hell do you think you are by even kissing me on the cheek with those dirty little lips of yours!" He yelled as he rubbed his cheek, roughly leaving a red mark.
"Third, I am not your babe! Get away from me go find someone else your own level -" he cuts himself off, looking behind me.
"-Like dandruff danny!!" He yelled out.
"Yes?" dandruff danny askes as he looked at me and Noah and walked upto us, adjusting his backpack on his back. 
Noah's friends gave me a sad look and walked away. I question the scene unfolding in front of me and feels the tears running down my cheeks.
"Ohh looked you two make a perfect match" he said as he looked at us with a smile on his face, while holding our heads together. I slapped his hand away and backed away from Danny. 
"What are you talking about I'm your girlfr-" I got cut off when I saw school's queen bee Jessica Nerezza sucking my boyfriend's face right in my face. I felt my heart drop at the sight in front of me and just wanted to break down.
"Gross!" Danny said as he walked away. Once he turned the corner he turned around and winked at me. I looked at him in disgust and looked back at Noah.
Noah and Jessica pulled apart and looked at me smirking. I then was fuming but still sad at how my boyfriend cheated right in front of my face.
I looked around me and saw some kids looking at me in pity and some happy. I looked at Jessica and Noah, next thing I knew I was out the doors of school and running home, with tears clouding my vision.
*********
I ran into my room, locked the door and burried my head in my fluffy white pillow and cried my heart out. I grab onto the pillow tighter and start to think about Noah and get even angrier.
Knock.knock.knock.
"What happened Soph is something wrong why are you home so early?" My mom said softly on the other side of the door. 
I opened the door and let her in and also told her everything of what happened between that jerkface, slut, and me at school.
"WHAT! He did what! I'm gonna call his parents and tell them about their son's rude behavior!!!" She yelled while dialing their numbers, Noah gave to her when he came came over 2 months ago for dinner with his parents.
"No!" I yelled as I snatched her phone away quickly and hid it under my fluffy white pillow.
"Promise me you won't call them." I looked up and told my mom strictly. She looked hesitantly at my hand and then at my face. 
"Fine I promise." She said stubbornly.
"Mom could I go to New York for a few months to get my mind off of things?" I asked muttered hoping she agreed as I looked down at my hands.
"Please." I said as I looked up, hoping she will let me go.
"Yeah sure honey, anything to keep you happy." She said after thinking for a moment.
"Thanks mom" I said as mom stood up to kissed my forehead.
She smiled warmly at me and walked out of the room and said "I'll go get your tickets booked for New York."
I smiled at her warmly, she was the best mom in the world. I was going to miss her a lot.
So this is a brief intro. Like 1 page
^^ this is the start of my group of books called the Possession Series. Not Hers is the first obviously so enjoy it
I would lovee if this became sort of famous so spread the word! Make posters! Create songs! Idk >.<
But, yeah, I don't mind. I want whoever is reading this to like it so #AntiHaterz ^^
XO Nyx_
P.S. I update like 4 times a week, maybe more so look out for new chapters xx
Splinters: Part Two
Any copying or stealing will be held as an illegal matter and will be reported. Copyrighted. © (2016)
Splinters is a Two Part book in a Three Book Series known as the First Love Series.Book One: Runaways: The Father Book Two: Splinters (Part 1 and Part 2): The SonBook Three: Keep in Happiness: The Best Friend
Book One not posted.Book Two posted.Book Three not posted.
Prologue
The most difficult thing about my brother's life during the first year of living with us was probably finding out the truth - about everything. There was so much he didn't know, and so much we didn't know. I remember the first time I watched him cry, something I never thought I'd see.
At the time, I had no idea what was going on. I didn't know what to do, but looking back on it, I can tell that Brayden was just a weak little boy, an abandoned kid who didn't know how to live happy. Until he met his sophomore girlfriend.
I remember when she came around, the awkward tension between her and my sister almost excruciating, when she and my brother went to school dances together or she just came over to hang out. I even remember when she and Brayden broke up.
I never knew the entire story until I wrote Splinters, but I knew very well that Brayden had been hurting for a long time after they ended it. I didn't know why or what she did at the time and honestly, I kind of missed her. She was that type of girl who you just wanted to be best friends with because everyone - including yourself - worshiped her.
But since the rest of my family hated her, that meant I had to, too. 
For a while, Brayden was really sad. So sad, I honestly had no idea when I'd get to see my brother again. He'd lock himself in his room on bad days and eat dinner alone. On good days, he'd smile, but not too much. 
For a couple months, Brayden was like this. It was heartbreaking, terrible to witness. I wanted my brother back.
And then we did it. We helped Brayden, not only through his dark break-up, but through everything. We helped him with Marie Edmonton. We helped him with school. We helped him with his father. We helped him with Brenden. We helped him with Josie. We brought him back.
All we needed to do was support him. 
This book is dedicated to your come-back, Brayden. Things always get better. Like you said back when I was writing Splinters, keep going. But this book is also dedicated to everyone else, everyone who was there for you. This book is dedicated to your supporters.
So Brayden, like I said in the first novel, I love you. You're everything a sister could want in a brother and more. And just to remind you, I'll always support you.
Edaline


Once upon a time, in the city of Seattle lived a shy, sarcastic yet an adorable girl by the name, Grace Johnson. A simple girl with umpteen responsibilities, grades to keep up and a younger sister to look after, Grace keeps herself away from unwanted attention in the school, enjoying the little company of her two beloved best friends. 
What happens when she is forced to go to a high-school party, which for the record is her first ever? What if she disguises herself in order to conceal her identity? What happens when she bumps into Blake Evans, the guy she has been in love, since the freshman year? What happens when the two get drunk and accidentally do the deed? What happens when the modern day Cinderella runs away from her Prince Charming?
Nothing exactly could go wrong, or could it?
Started on : 30th August 2015
Completed on: 4th June 2016
Disclaimer:  Things romanticised: Assualt, kidnapping, abuse, and controlling behavior. I want it to be very clear... this story does not depict healthy relationships. It is purely fantasy. 
Chapter 1.
"Demons?" asked Ms. Prevall, her shock quite evident from the way she squeaked out the word, as if it were the worst curse.
"Well Diana, frankly put, demons are faster, stronger and just physically better than humans." Remm replied, trying to make the decision seem rational. "You know how Melean Prep values…physical prowess." He stuttered on. "Now that the College Football League has decided to allow demons into the mainstream teams, high schools are following suit, and Melean cannot be seen as obsolete…"
Ms. Prevall simply sighed and began one of her notorious lectures: "Remm, you know that by allowing growing demons into this school, you are turning Melean into a…a metaphorical brothel." She paused only to give her patented "disappointed look" before continuing on, "It is well known that demons only bother with this "integration" because it gives their children a large source of humans to chose from, teenagers! Students whose safety depends on us…" She trailed off.
When the headmaster didn't respond, she placed her hand on the desk and leaned forward. "Just because this school is obsessed with it's sports rankings...."
"You know it's not just the school," Remm replied, "B.F.A.P.M. has to think about finances, and alumni only want to support a top-tier school."
Headmaster Thomas took a moment to decide whether he would explain his true feeling over the matter, or stick to the obvious bullshit that B.F.A.P.M, the governing council for the school, had told him to say.
It barely took a moment to decide, and he leaned close to Ms. Prevall, his most trusted teacher, friend even, and told her, "Diana, there is no stopping this, all of the prep schools have already made their move, and the Board will do anything to make sure Melean is on top. Now, I can quit to make a statement, but the Board would only hire someone else to do their bidding… or I can stay here and do my best to protect the students."
He said this with such emotion and sincerity, that it gave Diana pause. She had come to the office, expecting to have a full blowout with the Headmaster, but instead found herself to be in a conspiracy to protect the students.
It was at this moment that a cheery, but aggressive knock sounded out from the door. Diana watched Remm's eyes expand, and so she asked him quietly, "Who is that?" He looked from the door, to her, and said "Possibly my worst nightmare realized." And with that, the door swung open, and a loud and self-assured voice rang out: "Remm, how long it has been?"
The intruder was Doug Vollander, Demon liaison for the Demon Student Integration Administration. He strode through the office, and swung around Remm's desk, where he sat, facing Remm, his pose in an overbearing haunch. "It really has been too long, you know." He said, "I guess you never got my correspondence…" his smile only faltering for a moment. "Well no problem, I'm here now, and we'll be working quite closely for the next year."
He chuckled, brushing a strand of hair from Remm's face, his hand lingering on the headmaster's pale skin. Remm looked as if he were going to die right then, and said with a slight hint of annoyance, "Well, Doug, it only has been month since the BFAPM meeting and all, and I really doubt that our paths will need to cross a whole lot throughout the year…"
Vollander simply smiled, shook his head slightly, as if Remm had said something endearingly silly, and said "Maybe, maybe not…" It was at this moment that Ms. Prevall decided to take action and save poor Headmaster Thomas.
 "Well Mr. Vollander, if you don't mind, the Headmaster and I were having a private conversation." Vollander looked over at Ms. Prevall as if he had just realized that she was in the room, his eyes growing slightly colder, however his smile staying rigidly the same. "Oh…I am so sorry that I interrupted…well then Remm, I will come visit later, and we can…talk." He gave one more glowing smile to the Headmaster, and then whisked himself from the room.
The silence that took his place was deafening. All Remm could do was stare at his desk, unable to face Ms. Prevall, and so she decided to restart the conversation. "Well, Mr. Thomas…what was that?" she asked, unable to hide her curiosity. Still Remm sat there, seemingly unable to speak, so Diana continued "Remm, either you can tell me, or I can leave, and you can continue to stare a hole through your desk." She threatened.
"Well frankly.." He replied, "I just don't know. Mr. Vollander had been staring at me all throughout the BFAPM meeting a month ago, and then he sent many…many letters, asking me out for…tea." He said, disbelief evident in his voice. "I feel as if I am being daft, but really, the man cannot be more than twenty-five, and he is showing an alarming interest in me."
He paused then to gauge Ms. Prevall's reaction, and then continued on, "I sent him one letter, asking him what joke he was trying to pull, because I really am a busy man, and do not have time for silliness, and he simply replied that there was no joke, and that he was quite determined to share a milkshake or some such with me, and really I have been dreading the moment of which you just witnessed."
Ms. Prevall took a second to mull over what Remm had said, and then began, "Well…you have gained a Demon's attention, obviously you carry his scent trigger, and there is really nothing we can do about it, Demons are known for not giving up when they find a scent trigger." She finished. "But!…But…he must be ten years younger than me…" Remm whined. Ms. Prevall looked at the Headmaster skeptically, and said "Well Remm, it appears that you will need the protection, never mind the students."
He threw his fist forward, barely making his eye but instead smacking into the bridge of his nose, damn. 
   Another punch was thrown, this time it hit the eye, the second hit his lip busting it open.  The boy was much stronger and fit then the man which is why all he had was a sock to the jaw.
   Its been five minutes and i can't seem to pull my eyes away, its not every day you see a guy beat his own father up.
    I would've called him a scumbag, if i didn't live right next door to him. And well his father is a complete asshole to him. His name is Ace Miller, hes a bad boy, meaning he street fights, rides a big lifted truck, and smokes. 
     As the boy knocked his father out he stood back and looked around catching my eye, i quickly stuck my nose back in the book that i began focusing my attention on. 
   I could still feel his eyes on me, and it wasn't a whole three minutes later, trust me i counted, until the feeling was gone.
   I never told anyone about his life, i feel like if he doesn't say anything neither should i. 
     A small knock on my door pulled me from my thought track "How's the reading going Katie?" I shrugged "its good, can we head to the library tomorrow? I have a book im dying to get" he nodded "but i have to go to the office to help out with a quick search." I nodded.  
   My dad is sheriff in these towns, he knows everyone, and is in charge of most of the crap that happens. 
   Our family hasn't been the same though, my mom died two years ago in a car accident with my brother, they both  didn't make it through. Now its just daddy and me. And its lonely. Really lonely.
    "Goodnight princess" i smiled kissing his cheek "gnight king" slipping into bed he shut the door and headed out. 
  But that entire night all i kept picturing where those confused and raged green eyes.
Prologue
Jade's POV
"What the hell is wrong with the girls at your school?" I asked with a raised eyebrow and looked to my cousin for answers.
Placing down the piece of paper that said stuff about getting revenge on a guy and the winner being labelled the 'The Queen of Players'. I almost laughed at the idiocy of how far girls will go to get revenge on a guy these days. But then again, who am I to judge?
I've had my fair share of guys and broken heart - though it wasn't my heart that was the broken one.
I've been told I had the looks of a siren and a personality to match - Dark, Sexy and Alluring.
The straight black hair carved in layers around my face. My large, almond shaped, hazel eyes looked penetrating and seductive without meaning too, they stood above burgundy colored lips centered on a face with prominent high cheekbones. I was tall and athletically built, with a well toned body.
My pride and joy being the elongated, fit, rock hard stomach I possessed that gave way above and below ample curves. I wasn't soft or squishy anywhere, not physically nor mentally which was something guys couldn't handle. I could tell they found me intimidating and so they never held my attention long enough, leading to their heart breaking I mentioned earlier.
Now that I have moved here for the time being, I decided that I might just stay single, not that it would be very hard.
I mean - No guys equal No problems.
Aria rolled her eyes and shrugged, "Whatever Jade, but I think Leon deserves to be broken. Maybe he'll get a taste of his own medicine." She whispered the last part but I heard her causing me to pause mid-way in eating my cereal and just stared at her.
"You've been hurt by him." it wasn't a question and by the look on Aria's sullen face, I knew I was right.
Sighing, I awkwardly reached over and gave her a pity pat on the shoulder. Aria rolled her eyes at the lack of sympathy on my part, but she knew I don't show much emotion anyway. We weren't really close - more like we tolerated each other.
I do give her credit for trying but it's just not in me to get emotionally involved.
"C'mon, let's go to school." Aria got up and started to make her way to the door. I followed but not before silently groaning.
Today was my first day at school. I moved from New York to stay with my aunt, her husband and my cousin. It was a big move but one that I didn't have much of a choice. My mum couldn't support the both of us when dad left when I was around nine years old.
It's been hard for us both; she worked double jobs to get me the best she could provide. I'm truly grateful for whatever she did but times where hard, so she sent me here to complete my last year of high school. This would allow her to get back on her feet without having to watch an eighteen year old troubled teenager.
I got in the passenger seat and sat silently until we got to school. Staring out the window a thought came to mind. I turned to Aria and asked, "Hey, what happens if Leon finds out about it?"
Aria took a peek at me before turning back at the road, "The paper is only sent to girls and if you read the end of the paper, you would have noticed that it said that no guy must get a hold of it. After you showed it to all your friends, you must burn the thing so there's no evidence." She explained.
"That still doesn't answer my question."
Aria sighed, "Then I guess the girls will just be played a second time. Let's just hope he doesn't find it."
I turned my attention back to the window thinking about Aria's words. I guess the girls knew what they were getting in when they went after the player, so I guess it wouldn't really be the guys fault.
Wow, never thought the day would come when I would side with the guy.
I snorted which made Aria look at me weirdly but I paid her no mind.
Once we got there, Aria and I got out of the car. I rolled my eyes at everyone as they stared at us or specifically me. It's like they never saw a new student before.
Whatever, I'll just do what I always do.
Ignore them.
Walking with Aria, she began to tell me about the in and out of school. I vaguely listened to her, as my attention slowly drifted to a guy - specifically, the one being crowded by girls and guys.
My eyes raked him up and down. A black tee clung to his body while loose jeans perfectly hugging his hips. Slowly moving up his sculptured torso his face came into view. Tussled, dark brown hair sat atop a tanned face only a foreign heritage could provide.
An arched jaw led way to a pair of colored lips with a small dimple sitting on his left cheek. A pair of ray bans covered his eyes, making me wonder what colour they were and if they complimented his handsome face, but the thought quickly left as soon as it came.
Without even meeting him I knew who he was. He had the popular player vibe down to the three-C's -Charmer, Cocky and Controlling.
This had to be The Leon Stone.
Too bad that didn't mean anything to me.
Guys like him weren't worth my time.
***
So this is my new book and all. i wanted to try something a lil different with this particular book and i hope you guys enjoy it ;) <~ i have a sexy wink! kekeke
ENJOY!!! oh and tell me what you think :D Nom nom nom nom!
*throws a smoke bomb but accidentally threw the bomb on my foot and instead of disappearing into the night, i just jumped up and down and then limped away while cursing*
P.S Please check out my new books!  
Number 9 <~ The wonderful title! Meow! Completed!!! 
She was Created.   
Designed to have a body of a beast but a mind of a killer.  
Modified to be the perfect Werewolf in the eyes of her creator.   
But what He sees as flawless, others find her as a mindless savage. A threat. A weapon.   
Unlike every born Werewolf, she doesn't possess a wolf within her – but a monster instead.   
...   
She is – Number 9.  
Also here my other book!
                   
D.I.D you see that coming?
It had been once said, "Be at Peace. Not in Pieces." 
For every shattered fragment of the mind – there is a name, a face and an identity. 
But only one body. 
Because the hardest prison to escape – is in your mind. 
###
"Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish it with repetition and emotion - will one day become our reality." 
-Earl Nightingale.
 *If you like books about the mind and what it can do to a person then this one is for you!! Please read it. I am very interesting. 
We were never friends. Never even would be. I've hated Ryker Avery since we were kids and he's felt the same towards me. I had forgotten all about him until he moved back. I remembered being so happy when he moved far away. 
But then he came back. 
I couldn't even acknowledge the fact that he was attractive. His arrogant attitude and ego easily washed out anything attractive about him. He was the ultimate bad boy if there ever was one. 
A female voice squealed somewhere behind Ryker's back. 
"Oh my gosh! What are you doing!"
The blond girl shoved me out of the way and wrapped her frail arms around Ryker's muscular build. I despised this girl. Freaking Hannah Schmitt has had it out for me since junior high when I "accidentally" spilled paint in art class all over her brand new skirt. Ryker let his arm drop around her shoulders. I wasn't surprised to see he had already made friends with the popular crew after just moving here. 
"How dare you touch him like that!" She screamed in a high pitched voice that sounded so fake. I wanted to punch her. Did she not just see what happened? Ryker was the one who was freaking man handling me, not the other way around. 
I opened my mouth to voice those thoughts when Ryker spoke, "She just wanted to let me know how much she missed me. Angel was in love with me when we were kids, in fact," he smirked. 
I stared back at the girl in the mirror who didn't have any life in her eyes. Ruby red hair that goes mid-back, stormy grey eyes that get darker when mad, full red lips, small figure with curves in the right places, and the nerd look. I didn't exactly hate how I look but I didn't exactly like the way I look, I just look the way I look. I wouldn't say I'm pretty but I wouldn't say I'm ugly. 
I was interrupted from my thoughts when the bell rung which was warning bell for last period. Since last period was my free block I stayed in the restroom staring at my reflection before the announcements began.
"Will Audrey Winter's, please come to the front office", the announcement lady said. I groaned before leaving the restroom, walking down an empty hall. I was ready to leave, I didn't want to stay in this hell hole plus I had places to be.
I arrived in the office when I saw three boys who had leather jackets, white shirts, and jeans. Typical. They were all good looking but not as good looking as the one in the middle. He had light brown hair with blue eyes, sharp jaw line, and a muscular body. The other two were twins but the first one had hazel eyes and the second had green. I snapped out my trance when Ms. Baker called my name.
"Yes ma'am", I answered making my way to her desk. She smiled at me sweetly and I returned the smile back. Then she proceed to ask me if it was alright I could show the new boys around the school so they could get to know the place. I was a goody two shoes and I couldn't say no to her since she was my favorite.
I nodded and she smiled, "Boys follow Audrey, she's going to show you around the school". They looked at me and I felt blue eyes trail his eyes down my body. I rolled my eyes and walked out the office as the boys followed me. When we walked outside I turned to face them so I could introduce myself properly,
"Hi, my name is Audrey Winters. I don't have a nick name because I'm the school's nerd or freak. Anyway probably after today you'll hear rumors or gossip about me and wouldn't want to talk to me so let's speed up the tour so I could go", I said blunlty and they looked at me with widened eyes because of my bluntness. 
"Ok then...My name is Lucas. This is my twin brother Luca and this is Co-", the twin with hazel eyes said before blue eyes cut him off. 
"Cooper, my name is Cooper", Cooper said in a deep husky voice and I just nodded dumbly. I looked at the time and saw I had twenty minutes until Jay picked me up which made me groan.
"Ok let the tour begin", I said before I began to explain where everything was and how to find it. I pointed to the halls were people have most of their classes. Then I looked at the time again and saw I had ten minutes. 
"Ok any questions, if not I really have to go", I said quickly and they all looked at me oddly before looking among each other.
"Nope were good", Lucas said and I nodded before practically running out the school. I looked at the time again to see I still had a good five minutes until Jay picked me up but I heard his motorcycle. He pulled up and I hopped on before he drove off to the ring.
When we arrived I hopped off and made my way inside the gym then down to the basement where I would change. You see I'm a street fighter, I fight underground in a ring called 'The Dark Cirle'. Yea weird name but doesn't matter.
The Dark Circle is located under the gym that criminal lookin' buff guys hang out. I know most of them and I can consider them my friends but Jay is closer to me. I have a little group here that I'm also close with including Jay. There's Trent with blonde hair and green eyes who is also pretty buff, Michael who has light brown hair with brown eyes and buff, there's Ryder who has dirty blonde hair with blue eyes but not like Cooper's and Ryder is also buff, finally there's Jay who has light brown hair with brown eyes and buff too.
Compared to them I'm so tiny that they cover me plus they're super tall. I'm about 5'7'' while they're 6'8''. I'm pretty short compared to all the guys in the gym which about the same height except Billy he's a giant, he's about 6'9'', he's the tallest here. 
I snapped out my thoughts when I heard my name being called from the other side of the gym which was empty at the moment. I looked around until I saw Trent, Michael, and Ryder. Jay made his over there while I made my way to the lockers to change into black shorts matched with a black sports bra. When I was done I slipped into my converse and grabbed my black sweatshirt before making my way to the guys. 
"Hey guys what's up", I asked as I took a seat next to Jay. He's a quiet guy really but he talks when when he wants.
"Nothing really, but are you excited for your fight", Trent said with a huge smile causing me to laugh. They other guys began to press on about the fight and I just shrug my shoulders.
"I guess, I just want it to be over with so I could go home", I said before I let out sigh. 
"Well its usually over in 5 minutes since you like to knock them out with one punch", Michael said which caused us to laugh.
"Hey did you hear about a gang moving here, I think they're going to see you fight tonight", Ryder said and I smirk. Usually when gangs come I tend to make my fights last longer just to show off.
"Ok well anyway we should get started on my face painting", I said and they agreed. I paint my face to hide my identity so if people from school come they wouldn't recongize me. We paint my face into a skull, more like the ones they do on the Day of the Dead. It's pretty cool, no one knows who I am and I like to keep it that way. 
I couldn't help but think of Cooper and the twins. It's strange that they move here right when Michael tells us about new gangs here. I shook my head from those thoughts because what I really needed to be thinking of is my fight.
Author's Note
Ok well this is my third book and I hope I get as many reads as I do in my first book. I hope this book catches everyone's interest since the title is really crappy. Please share, vote, and follow. Toodles!!
"The rain," Tyler says.
Josh nods, slowly.
"It's like..." Tyler pauses, searching for the word.
"Crisper" Josh says.
"Exactly" Tyler says, nodding
"Almost like..." Josh frowns "Red? Maybe?"
"Mostly," Tyler says "with a hint of orange".
"Orange, right." Josh points at Tyler  "That's right. I keep forgetting that one".
"A lot of things are orange though" Tyler says, frowning.
"Not where I'm from." Josh says darkly. "Everything's just black-blue there".
Tyler winces "I can't even imagine that."
"Don't," josh says firmly. He shakes his head "Don't even try"
Tyler shudders a little "Believe me, I don't want to."
Josh nods. "Good." He sits up straighter suddenly, cocking his head.
"My mom coming?" Tyler asks. Josh nods, standing up.
"Keep it short, yeah?" Josh asks as he closes the closet door.
"Okay," Tyler replies to the now-empty room
There's a soft tap on the door before his mom pokes her head in.
"What are you doing Tyler?" Tyler's mom asks, looking in.
"Talking to Josh," Tyler tells her. He immediately regrets saying anything.
"Tyler," his mom says, sighing. "Josh isn't real, remember? We've been over this before."
"Right, mom," Tyler says, nodding. "I'm sorry."
"Tyler,  I..." His mom pauses, looking unsure. "Don't apologize, okay? It's just that Josh doesn't exist."
"Okay." Tyler tells her, waiting for her to leave so Josh can come back.
His mom looks at him, something yellow-blue-red in her eyes. He forgets what other people call it. Josh would know
"Tyler you have an appointment tomorrow, remember?" Tyler's mom says "With Dr. Paulson"
Dr. Paulson had lots of markers, a checkerboard, and a liberal use of a drawer full of candy so Tyler won't tell anyone about the one time everything tasted like metal and soap and magenta dipped in candle wax.
"Okay," Tyler says, nodding.
His mom bites her lip. "All right, Tyler," she says "remember to eat, okay?"
"Okay" Tyler echoes, and she closes the door.
Josh immediately opens the closet door.
"Dr. Paulson," he says with a tone of distaste.
"Why don't you like him?" Tyler asks as he watches Josh settle himself on Tyler's bookshelf.
"He sounds so..." Josh bites his lip, searching for the words. "I would say purple-green, but I'm missing something, aren't I?" 
"Pink" Tyler says immediately.
"Right, right," Josh says. He makes a face "I don't like it when you go there."
"Would you rather I go back to Dr. Craig?" Tyler offers.
Josh recoils the best he can while perched precariously on a bookshelf.
"No!" Josh exclaims. "No, no, never!"
"I was kidding," Tyler says as he sprawls back onto his bed.
"Some joke," Josh mutters, sounding irritated. "Don't kid about that, okay?"
"Okay," Tyler says, suddenly reminded by his conversations with his mother. The sound of butter being spread on toast, bland, and purple-red acceptance.
"No, really," Josh says, hopping off the bookshelf so he can grab Tyler's hand. "Don't joke about that. That was... Bad"
"It was," Tyler allows, and Josh presses his lips to Tyler's hand.
"Please don't joke about that, Tyler," Josh murmurs.
And Tyler is so charmed by the way Josh's mouth forms his name that he agrees automatically.
BEFORE YOU READ THIS:
I just want to say that this story has a lot of stuff going on and probably doesn't make much sense, but if you want to give it a try, go for it! I'm currently in the process of re-reading it and editing any mistakes I find. 
Hopefully, I'll get to filling in all the plot holes and stuff. It needs a lot of work, but I appreciate those of you who have taken time out of your day to read this. 
I don't want to make this intro too long, because I know I don't really read things like these myself lol. 
Enjoy, and thank you so much for reading!
~Meg :)
Start date: March 31, 2016Finish date: September 18, 2016
* 2 years earlier*
I was walking down the hall trying to keep my head down so I don't get recognized. My books in one hand. My phone in the other I wasn't really on my phone I was just pretending so I don't get hurt. Then I suddenly fell face first my books scattered everywhere well my phone slid across the marble floor. 
" these are my halls you ugly worthless whore" I looked up to see jessa the school slut talking to me I quickly look around to see a crowd. I looked back at jessa who walked over to my phone picked it up and smashed it on the ground and walked away leaving me to get my papers and books
Well the crowd was clearing they all called me names under their breaths and threw paper balls at me 
I could feel the tears in my eyes treating to pour down my face so I left. I left the papers on the ground. I left my smashed phone. I left my friends. I also left my family. It was just me.
I ran out of the school and drove home in my black punch buggy. 
When I got home I ran to my room grabbed a bag and packed some clothes and went downstairs and grabbed some money from the jar that was for my collage education put it in my bag and put it in the back seat of my car.
I ran back in the house and wrote a note on the fridge  Dear mom and dad,I get bullied to much and I sick of it so I'm leaving don't look for me I love you I will be back one day just give me my time Love becca 
        Visul mamei de când era copil a fost să devină profesor universitar de matematică. Adora matematica şi i se părea uşor de învăţat, dar la vârsta de 18 ani, la petrecerea aniversară, a făcut o "greşeală" din care, după nouă luni a rezultat o fetiţă. O mogâldeaţă pe nume Sophie, cu ochi mari de ciocolată şi zâmbete mai dulci ca mierea. Bineînţeles că tânărul ce a ajutat să la naşterea aceastei minuni, a dat bir cu fugiţii pe motiv că el trebuie să îşi termine facultatea. Viitorul lui era cel mai important, aşa că totul rămânea la decizia Evei.
        Credinţa şi dragostea pentru mica minune din burtica ei au ajutat-o la luarea unei decizii ce a făcut-o pe aceasta mai fericită decât orice slujbă universitară. Nevrând să fie o povară pentru părinţii ei, mama a făcut în timpul sarcinii câteva cursuri de contabilitate fiindcă şi aici putea jongla cu numerele. După câţiva ani, şi-a luat inima în dinţi şi a făcut facultatea de contabilitate şi informatică de gestiune, lucru ce a ajutat-o să obţină postul de contabilă la cea mai mare firmă din oraş. Post pe care îl are și acum.
        Niciodată mama nu s-a mai gândit la visul ei, acela de a deveni profesor universitar. Visul ei era, de acum, micuţa Sophie! Era minunea ce îi bucura sufletul în fiecare clipă a vieţii. Tot ce făcea, era pentru mine! Muncea pe brânci să îmi poată oferi un viitor mai bun, dar în acelaşi timp nu mă neglija, astfel am crescut într-un mediu plin de iubire.
        Pe la vârsta de 10 ani am întrebat-o pe mami de tatăl meu. Am văzut că se fâstâceşte şi fiind luată prin surprindere, nu a ştiut ce să îmi răspundă. Observând asta, am insistat să aibă încredere în mine şi să îmi spună adevărul pentru că nimic nu mă poate răni. Am o viaţă frumoasă şi liniştită lângă mama, care de altfel e şi cea mai bună prietenă a mea. Aşa am aflat povestea noastră şi pe moment am vrut să îi spun că îmi pare rău că i-am stricat planurile şi i-am dat copilăria, tinereţea peste cap. Dar nici nu a vrut să mă asculte, spunându-mi să nu gândesc niciodată aşa. Eu pentru ea am fost, sunt şi voi fi cel mai minunat lucru ce i s-a întâmplat vreodată. Nu ar da, pentru nimic în lume, timpul înapoi să schimbe ceva. Nu regretă nici o decizie luată de-a lungul vieţii.
        Aceste vorbe nu au făcut decât să mă apropie mai mult de ea. Pasiunea mea pentru matematică nu m-a surprins. Doar sunt fiica mamei mele, aşa că anul trecut, de ziua ei i-am dat vestea ce a bucurat-o enorm. I-am spus că vreau să mă duc la acelaşi colegiu la care a studiat ea şi apoi să termin universitatea de matematică. Nu vreau să îi promit că ajung profesor universitar, cum şi-a dorit ea, fiindcă nu ştiu ce o să se schimbe până atunci. Tot ce ştiu e că matematica o să îmi acapareze o mare parte din viaţă, pentru ca îmi place. Vestea aceasta i-a captat atenţia mamei şi din acest an încep pregătirile la matematică cu un student din primul an de la universitatea unde vreau să ajung şi eu.
        Sunt abia în clasa a 7-a, dar mama vrea să fiu pregătită şi nu pot să spun că îmi displace. Băiatul ce vine să mă mediteze e copilul unei prietene de-a ei de la muncă ce vrea să câştige nişte bani în plus să îşi cumpere o maşină. Din câte mi-a povestit aceasta, părinţii lui o duc destul de bine şi nu ar avea nevoie să ofere meditaţii, dar se pare ca băiatului, Mathias, îi place să se descurce singur. Ceea ce mi-a atras atenţia, pentru că puţini copii vor să muncească fără să îi împingă cineva sau ceva de la spate. Acum sunt atât de nerăbdătoare să îl întâlnesc pe acest băiat că fac ture de vreo 15 minute prin faţa uşii de la intrare.
        Cât timp mărşăluiesc pe hol mă gândesc ce vârstă poate avea acest băiat model, cum l-a descris mama. Dacă eu am 14 ani, el ar trebui să aibă 19 sau 20 de ani în funcţie de data naşterii. Sper să fie de treabă, să nu se comporte ca un profesor. Mi-ar plăcea să devenim prieteni. Cred că maturitatea şi sfaturile lui m-ar putea ajuta serios pe viitor. Soneria de la intrare se aude şi alerg încântată să deschid.
PLEASE READ:
Sawa ka na ba sa school mo ? 
Sakal ka na ba sa mga rules & regulations nila ?
Well ... Sinong hindi ..  
Pero kung may pagkakataon lilipat ka ba ng School ? 
Kung Saan FREE ka ? Yung Tipong PWEDE LAHAT ? 
You Make Your Own Rules .. Angas Noh ?
at higit sa lahat WALANG GUIDANCE OFFICE .. 
But ... There's only one problem ..
.
.
.
. 
at ito ang Makisalamuha sa mga GANGSTER ARAW-ARAW ..
Ikaw Payag ka ba ? Kung OO .. 
Ba't di  mo subukang Mag'enroll sa HELL UNIVERSITY ?
- InspireByCrush <3
"Damn it!" 
She sighed as she slipped her dead phone in her back pocket. She looked to her right slightly irritated by Ava's calm demeanor. Her best friend was always sunshine but wild, and now more than ever she was beaming and didn't seem to mind that they were stranded at school. 
"Rob, chill" Ava smiled at she turned her ring casually. "Why would I chill? I'm getting crisper by the minute." She knew she shouldn't have stayed so late after the pre-year cheer meeting with Ava.She wished hadn't gotten hit by that rude bougie woman in the parking lot of the beauty supply store last week and had her car back to drive. She wished she still wasn't at school when the school year hasn't even began!
"You should chill because the football players are still here for their summer training. We could ask anyone of them for a ride." As if on command, a group of football players came out of the track. Ava beamed as she saw Justin, a guy she told Robyn she was crushing on the other day. She flipped her long brunette hair behind her and stood up. 
"Hey Justin! Sorry to bug but me and Robyn need a ride, could you help some damsels in distress?" Ava fake pouted and widened her green eyes. 
Justin looked her up and down taking in her and Robyn with a smirk. "Yeah sure, me and Brett just have to stop by the pharmacy and get some stuff real quick." 
Robyn studied Brett a bit, she had seen him around and knew he was best friends with Justin but really didn't think of either of them much, she wasn't really into white guys anyway. The four of them walked to Justin's truck and as Brett walked towards the passenger's seat, Ava maneuvered herself in front of him and took the seat shutting the door smiling at Justin. Brett shrugged and slid in the back with Robyn and that's when he really took her in. To say he was pleased would be an understatement. As Robyn glanced out the window, Brett couldn't take his eyes off her. She wasn't his usual type but she was damn cute. He looked at her smooth caramel legs in her denim shorts and smirked, his eyes followed up to her chest but diverted up as he started to feel like a pervert. She had pretty long hair, very dark and in naturally lose curls that almost had a wet look to them. Again, Brett thought, she's cute. Pretty damn cute.Robyn had felt Brett's eyes on her the entire time, he was far from slick. As the car came to a stop, she hopped out and turned to see Justin and Ava walking off. Next thing she knew, Ava was in a cart and Justin was pushing her down an aisle, leaving Robyn and Brett. After a few moments of awkward silence and pointlessly looking at medicine she had no intention of getting, Robyn sighed. She turned to Brett and stuck out her hand, "Robyn Rollins""Such a light handshake," Brett chuckled"Brett Layfield, why is it I've never seen you around?" he smiled still holding her hand."Maybe you weren't really looking huh?"
"Rose, I'm sorry. Your eyesight will be gone by the end of this year."
            Dr. Vasquez continued talking, but the echo of his last words filled my ears, cancelling his voice out. Your eyesight will be gone by the end of this year... That couldn't be possible. He was joking with me. My eyesight was nearly perfect. How could he say that when I could see him so clearly? His lanky, black hair that curled just a little at the ends. The little cowlick at the top. His sharp, light brown eyes. The laugh lines etched into his face. I could see every detail clearly. My vision was fine. I hadn't even owned a pair of glasses before. Sure, it wavered every now again, but wasn't that usual?
            "Good one, Doc," I finally responded, cutting him off in the middle of a sentence. "Now's not really the time to be joking though."
            He swallowed nervously, his pale Adam's apple bobbing. There was a smoldering look in his eyes, almost like pity. "Rose, you have cone-rod dystrophy. Weren't you listening to what I was saying?"
            "Cone-Rod what?"
            "Let me explain a little bit," he said with a sigh. Sitting back in his wheely chair, he put his hands on his lap, interlacing his slim fingers. "The retina is the portion of the eye that is light-sensitive. It helps your eyes process vision. Light signals to the optic nerve, which tells the brain what you're seeing. The retina consists of a bunch rods and cones that absorb the light. If those rods and cones don't work, your vision won't work properly."
            I stared at him blankly, doing my best to process his foreign words. "And?"
            "Cone-rod dystrophy is a progressive disease that destroys those cones and rods. It will slowly deteriorate your peripheral vision and acuity before eventually making you completely blind."
            "There's a cure, right?" I asked, my mouth rapidly becoming dry.
            His silence didn't make me feel too optimistic. "As of right now—"
            "I can't go blind!" I cried, standing up from my seat on the cool, wooden bench. "I'm only seventeen! I haven't even lived a quarter of my life! There has to be a cure!"
            "I'm sorry," he apologized. "There is a way to slow down the process, which is to avoid light, however, even doing that, you're eyesight will be gone in about four months."
             I slowly shook my head. "No... No. It's not possible."
            "I'm sorry—"
            "No you're not!" I snapped at him, my eyes starting to burn. "You're not going to be blind in the next few months!"
            "Calm down," he ordered, motioning for me to sit back down. "Let's talk about this."
            I ignored him, turning my head away. It was time to leave. Grabbing my jacket from the table, I headed for the door. "Goodbye, Doc."
            "Rose—"
            The door to the examination room slammed shut behind me. A few nurses and doctors in the hall gazed at me curiously as I hastened by them, trying to hold back my tears. I was going to go blind? There was no chance of it not happening? This had to be some cruel joke! Or a nightmare! Maybe I was going to wake up and everything was going to be fine. How could I live without sight?
            That was a stupid question.
            I couldn't live without sight.
            I shoved the exit door open, the bells rattling noisily, and stormed outside. To my dismay, heavy rain was falling from the grey sky. Annoyed, I shoved my hand into my pocket to grab my car keys. When it came out empty, I thought I was going to scream. "You have to be kidding me!" I cried, throwing my hands up into the air.
Drug addict, felon, and having a track record of juvie and one night stands with desperate Goth chicks, Hunter Wesley was the last person to fall down on Evelyn Morrison’s list of fatal attractions. He’s not what she normally looks for in a guy. While he’s dangerous and branded as a ‘loser,’ she’s shunned by her peers in a different way.
Renowned as the intimidating ‘Ice Queen,’ Evelyn is everything girls want: attractive, too smart for her own good, and has credentials that fly off the roof. She’s also off limits since she’s too ‘uptight’ for most guys at her school, who find solace in poking fun at her ‘titanium armor.’ Lonely and wanting someone to understand her, she honestly doesn’t think that Hunter is up to the job of casting away her baggage.
Forced to go to therapy sessions for his near death drug overdose, Hunter soon realizes that he needs more help than the regular chit chat around the circle of teens. He doesn’t think that help can come from Evelyn Morrison, the type of stuck up girls he’d rather stray from.
When two lonely teens come together, they soon realize that they both have more to offer each other than they had initially thought.
Hello, everyone. I'm Codie Marshall. I'm 18 years old and I'm in my last year of high school. 
Yo, I'm currently in class, English 12 Honors, when this girl came in. She had her head down and her hair was covering her face.
"Kodie, your late, again." She picked her head up and mugged him.
Holy shit, KODIE SHANE!!!!
I didn't even know we had class together. She walked all the way to the back and he started to teach this stupid ass lesson about how to write a essay.
Like, I'm smart as fuck. I already know how to write a damn essay. It's not even that hard. I dragged my fingers through my dreads and my mind wandered off to Kodie. 
How the way her lips move when she speaks, how the way her hair flow when she's outside, how the way she smiles, showing off her dimple-
RIIIIING!!!!
"Class dismissed." Our teacher said. I quickly put my items in my bag and walked out. As I'm walking to my next class, Spanish 3 Honors, I bumped into something....MORE LIKE SOMEONE!!
"Damn, Codie." I looked up and seen my twin brother, Kristopher. 
"My bad." I said, as he helped me up.
"What class you have?" He asked me.
"Spanish, you?"
"Gym, fuck my life." He said, making me laugh😂.
"Aight." I said, dapping him. Just as I was about to walk in class. Someone called him.
"Kris." I looked and seen Kodie walking over to us. I quickly walked in and sat down.
"I'm a see you next class, bum." Kristopher said. Kodie looked up from her phone and looked at me. 
Swear to god, my heart❤️ skipped another beat.
They walked away and my mind wandered off to Kodie, again. 
THIS STORY IS IN THE WATTY AWARDS 2012. PLEASE VOTE!! :D THANK YOU! <3
Hey guys! Please give this story a chance! :)
And please do NOT advertise your stories here. It's rude and I won't read them. You can do that in the 'Share Your Story' club. Thank you.
I know the start is boring and not that good but it gets better! :)
Prologue

Angelina’s Point of View:

On which school day do you wake up with a huge smile on your face?
Yep that’s right, the LAST day of school. Ah how I love the 24th of June. I went out of bed grinning like an idiot today.
I took out my American Eagle jean shorts and a light blue V-neck shirt. I put them on with my blue converse.
As usual my light brown hair was perfect. I am a lucky person when it comes to my hair. I NEVER have a bad hair day. My brown hair always falls perfectly down my mid-back. Not one strand is out of place.
I looked at myself in the mirror one final time.
I’m not that beautiful but not ugly. I’m just your average sixteen year old girl.
I went to the kitchen of my huge empty house. I was used to having an empty house since my dad is always working and I’m an only child.
I made myself some pancakes and ate them silently, thinking of how awesome my summer is going to be.
When I got to school, I was immediately surrounded by my best friends.
Mia has black hair and bright green eyes. She is beautiful but too skinny.
Tia is Mia’s twin sister but they do not look alike. Tia has blonde hair and light blue eyes but she is just as beautiful as Mia.
Jack, Nate, and Greg are all on the football team. Jack has black hair and dark blue eyes, Nate has dirty blonde hair and big hazel eyes, and Greg has brown hair and sparkling brown eyes.
“Hey guys,” I greeted them with a smile and they all said ‘Hey’ in unison.
“I’m so excited for the summer!” Mia squealed and we all nodded in agreement.
“We’re gonna have so much fun!” Tia said.
“We’re going to miss you girls during our football camp though,” Jack said.
The three guys had a football camp from the first of July till the twentieth.
“I know you will,” I winked at him and he chuckled.
Since today is the last day, we don’t study anything. We just clean our classes and lockers.
I smiled at some students who were passing by. I know almost everyone here.
I thought back to what happened this school year and I got a few flashbacks of some events.
At the beginning of the year, I went through a tough time because there were rumors going around about me and a guy on the football team which happens to be the biggest player in school. With the help of my friends, I got over all the boy drama. But there were always a few rumors that hurt.
Today, when the final bell rings, I will be free from all this boy drama. Three months without rumors. Awesome!
I cleaned my locker and took all the remaining books in the first few hours.
During lunch time, my friends and I were discussing our summer plans.
“We should go camping by the lake,” Nate suggested and we all agreed quickly. We always enjoy playing by the lake and a camp sounds great.
“I can’t wait to go to the beach!” I sighed dreamily. I absolutely love the beach.
Every summer, dad and I go to our little beach house and spend a week there. Even when we’re there I barely see him because he’s always in his room working. But I enjoy the beach. I can spend the whole day sitting on the shore and listening to the sound of the waves.
We spent the next thirty minutes talking about all the entertaining events we were going to do this summer.
At 2:55p.m, five minutes before the final bell rings, all the students of our high school stand in the field and start the countdown. It’s a tradition at our school so my friends and I were now standing there with everyone else and counting.
“THREE!”
“TWO!”
“ONE!”
Dringggg
“SUMMER!” We all cheered.
Slowly, students were starting to leave and when I said goodbye to my friends, I walked back home.
A smile was on my face and a million exciting thoughts were running through my mind.
I unlocked my front door and went in. I closed the door behind me and threw my bag on the floor. I walked into the living room and let out a scream when I saw three hot guys there.
“What the hell?!” I yelled.
“Hello there beautiful,” a deep sexy voice, which belonged to the hot black haired guy, said.
“Who the hell are you and what are you doing in my house?!” I shrieked.
“I’m Andrew Turner and these are my brothers Riley,” he pointed to a cute brown haired boy “And William” he pointed to the blond guy who looked about my age. They both waved with similar smiles on their faces.
“To answer your second question,” I was surprised to hear my dad’s voice as he came out of the kitchen “The Turner brothers are spending the summer here with us. They are the kids of my childhood friend Dan.”
 I remember dad talking about his best friend Dan when I was a kid…
“Oh,” I answered trying to process that piece of information.
“I’m going back to the office and won’t be back till late at night. Help the brothers settle in and make them comfortable,” my dad ordered me before walking out of the front door and slamming it shut behind him.
What. The. Hell.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So what do you think? Like it? Love it? Hate it? Please tell me!! :)
And thank you for reading! :)
The amazing edit on the side is made by user choco-latte! Thank you so much, this chapter is dedicated to you :)
*QUICK NOTE* Not as cliche as it seems. Not edited, so bear with me.
Pass me another bottle, honey
The Jager's so sweet
But if it keeps you around then I'm down.
(Six Feet Under The Stars - All Time Low)
I uneasily play with the neck strap of my camera. No, I'm not a journalist. I'm just a teen who likes photography.
I look over to my best friend, Noel, to see her driving, perfectly calm. I raise my brows at her, cocking my head to the side.
"Why aren't you nervous?" I inquire, my fingers again fingering the strap of my camera. "I mean, it is the first day of senior year."
"Because," Noel states, looking at me in the corner of her eye. "Do you want me to flip my lid and crash this car?"
Typical Noel. "No, I'm just saying ... it's the first day of senior year-"
"So? Nothing bad will happen, promise," she grins. I hold out my pinky.
"Pinky swear?"
She links my pinky with hers. "Pinky swear."
I feel better after that.
We continue driving until we get to Harbor High. We already bought our books and our schedules came in a week ago, so we already finished with that.
There's people everywhere. From freshmen to seniors.
Noel suddenly grins, pulling my arm so that I stop.
"Seniors," she grins. "Batch of twenty - fourteen."
I just roll my eyes, but smile.
We continue are way, saying hello to our friends we 'accidentally' forgot to call over the summer, checking out the new kids, and giggling to ourselves.
Just then, my camera strap is yanked off of my neck.
"Got your camera," my friend in photography, Wesley, sings as he runs off into the courtyard, cackling madly. I groan, forcing myself to sprint off after him.
"Wesley!" I shout, irritated. "Give me back my baby," the one sentence gets me awkward looks. I just grin at them before chasing after Wesley again.
"Wes-" I slow to a walk and take a deep breath. "Ley."
"C'mon, Dylan," yes, I do have a unisex name that's usually used for men. "Come and get me."
I just walk up to him and hold my hand out expectantly.
He grumbles something about me being 'not fun' before placing my camera in my hand and waving  goodbye as he walks to his other friends in photography.
I turn around to find Noel, only to see her flirting with a boy. He seems interested, so I don't bother them.
I grin to myself before making my way to locker 236. I open the door and stack my books and notebooks in there.
The bell rings.
I take out my first and second period notebooks, and groan. Calculus and Advanced English. Leave it up to me to get the worst classes at the beginning of the day.
I make my way to Calculus, clutching my books and camera to my chest.
I walk in, and no one except a group of boys are in the room. I suck in a breath. They're the "Heartbreakers". Players. Bad asses.
EDIT: No this is not a one direction fanfiction. I wrote this book before One Direction was even a band. This is like the OG band story. Like 2008 Quizilla. That old. HOWEVER if picturing real people as the guys in this band is what you want to do, please feel free to!
"Iris! Hurry up!" my best friend Chloe urged, pulling on my arm feverishly, tugging me towards the school gates where a massive gaggle of girls were standing. "They'll be arriving any second!"
            "Chloe, I really need to go to the library to print out my essay," I complained, trying to release my arm from her death grip. "Besides, it's freezing!"
            Chloe glanced at me, her chocolate eyes lit up with excitement. "You can print your essay later! This is a once in a life time event!"
            "Chloe, it's going to happen every day for the rest of the year," I told her, rolling my eyes.
            "I know! But Iris! It's Gold! I know you like them as much as I do!"
            "Yeah, I like them," I admitted and successfully yanked my arm away from her. "But this essay is due first period and they'll be around all day—"
            "Oh my God!" Chloe suddenly shrieked, cutting me off. "It's them! Look! Iris, look! It's Gold!"
            Letting out a soft sigh, I followed Chloe's pointing finger, and my eyes landed on a sleek, black limousine. How inconspicuous. Chloe clutched my arm again, her nails digging into my pale skin as a chauffeur climbed out of the vehicle and walked around it to the back passenger door to open it. As he did, Chloe let out an excited squeal.
            After a moment, a mop of blonde hair the exact same shade as Chloe's appeared as a young man climbed out of the limousine. A few locks of his messy hair fell in his face, and he quickly brushed them out of the way with his hand, revealing his piercing green eyes. Even from a distance, I could see their dazzling color.
            "Noah! It's Noah!" Chloe cried, looking at me with wide eyes. "Look!"
            I couldn't help but laugh at Chloe's reaction. Even after knowing her for four years, how overexcited she got about something was still funny. She was like a puppy. "Chloe, I know who he is," I told her.
            Noah Alexander, age eighteen, high school senior, and the bassist to the extremely popular boy band Gold. It was hard not to know who he was. His handsome face was plastered all over the covers of all the popular magazines, like The Rolling Stone. In person though, he looked a lot taller (at least six feet) and fitter than in all the photos of him. Even more attractive, as well.
            Noah's eyes swept over the crowd of girls crowded by the school gate, a grin spreading across his face. He waved his arms excitedly, trying to acknowledge everyone. Then suddenly he stumbled forwards, his mouth forming a surprised o. Amused, I raised an eyebrow as a second male emerged from the depth of the limousine. This caused Chloe to gasp, squeezing my arm painfully again. "Iris! It's—"
            "Luke Parker," I interjected, knowing what she was about to say, glancing back at the young man who was now out of the limousine. "I know who he is too."
            Luke Parker, also age eighteen, also high school senior, and the drummer to Gold. He had shaggy, dark hair that gave him the striking look of a bad boy. Lip piercing and all. Just like Noah, Luke looked a lot better in person. He wasn't as tall as Noah, but he was still at least a good four inches taller than my five-foot five. Luke blew kisses to the crowd and I smiled a little, glad he seemed just as friendly as Noah.
Grace Connely is fat. Plain and simple.
She, and the rest of the schools fat population are tormented day by day by the school's bully, Lucas Keith. He is rude, conceited, and mean. And Grace can't seem to shake him off.
Thankfully, Grace has the entire summer to get away from him before having to return to the hell hole - which she calls school - to face him again.
But she's tired of being laughed at. She's tired of being constantly bullied. She's tired of coming home and crying every night because she hates her life.
So she decides she wants to leave high school on a high - she decides to try and loose the fat that caused her emotional pain for most of her life, and return to school to make Lucas' life a living hell, and to make him feel the pain she felt.
But life isn't that easy. Complications always get in the way. 
Grace's father returns from Australia with a friend, who brought a son. A very attractive son at that - who immediately takes an interest.
And making Lucas' life a living hell is especially hard when he decides to make Grace his new target of love.
Revenge has never tasted so sour.


This story is part of a series! All stories are spin-offs of each other and do not need to be read in order but may have some spoilers in the stories that come before them. Here's the order:
1- Lie Until You Laugh- Sienna Mast (Complete)
2- Laugh Until You Cry- Stella Wayne (Complete)
3- Cry Until You Bleed- Ana Shaw (Complete)
4- Bleed Until You Heal- Jo Mast (Complete)
——————————————————————————————————
It has been 745 days since I have attempted suicide.
I write down the repetitive sentence in my journal and then close it again, sitting it on my dresser. Well, the sentence isn't repeating word for word in my journal because the number of days changes one by one. And in my notebook, line by line, the number grows bigger but the sentence stays the same.
I'm proud of myself. Go me.
I throw my hair into a messy bun and then trot down the stairs of the large house wearing the only dress that I own. It's black in hopes of letting me sink into the background of this party but my mother told me that I had to wear a dress to this thing that I'm going to, which is very unfortunate because dresses really aren't my thing. It's not even a cute black dress- it's ugly and the fabric is weird and lacy with off-the-shoulder sleeves. But it's not an attractive and alluring off-the-shoulder kind of way, it's an I-bought-this-dress-on-sale-at-Goodwill kind of way. Most of the time, Goodwill doesn't fail me but this dress isn't actually the worst thing I've gotten there. The shoes- black flats with gray bows on the tops- probably are worse than the dress. They look like the shoes that a girl wears to a middle school dance.
However, I've never been a big fan of fashion so my ugly velvety lace dress and awkward bow flats aren't really a concern for me. I'm going to my graduation party so I guess I'll kind of be the center of attention there and everybody will notice my ugly dress but I'd like not to think of that because being the center of attention is something that makes my skin crawl. I'm sure that they'll just be blown away by the fact that I'm even wearing a dress in the first place.
Luckily, my parents recently let me get my own driver's license so I don't need to get a ride over to the party, which is at this hotel near downtown which is even worse. Why my parents demanded on having a fancy party for only graduating high school is beyond me. Sure, graduating high school is a cool achievement but it's not hotel-banquet-lacy-dress type of thing. When my brother graduated high school, we went out to dinner and then he went out with some friends but there definitely was no big banquet party with dresses and fancy clothes.
I got my license and a car to go with it as a gift. It was a "Congrats! You haven't tried to kill yourself in over two years!" present. I look of it more as an anniversary of the last time so it's not really an accomplishment to me. It's more of a sad remembrance type of thing for me. The same way that people remember 9/11. I don't like to think of it but my dad just loves to always remind me "how far I've come" and "how happy/healthy I look now". Well, I've barely gotten any happier, I've just learned how to cover up my emotions like the layers of a ten tiered cake. My tenth layer is incredibly happy. I am a professional happy person for the people around me.
However, my first layer- the bottom one that nobody ever gets to taste- has not changed since I was fifteen (three years ago) and I don't think that it'll change for a while. I just cover that dark crap up though, and I don't think about it at all but it's there.
When I arrive at the party, it's still pretty early because Penn wanted me to get here early, so I park in the parking lot and grab my small purse from the passenger seat
EVE LUSH a.k.a. Nerdy Loser ng West High.
Utusan. Binabatukan. Sinasaktan. Walang kaibigan. Kahit anong talino nya'y wala ding saysay dahil sa mata ng mga kaeskwela nya'y isa lang syang matalinong talunan.
"Matalino nga, loser naman".
Pero wala syang ginagawang paraan para mahinto iyon. Kahit ang totoo'y kayang kaya nya iyong tapusin sa isang kumpas lang ng kanyang kamay. 
Ang dahilan?.
Meet 'It's called Karma'. Isang unknown hacker na siyang gumaganti sa mga pasaway sa kanilang school. Walang nakakakila kung sino iyon. Well, maliban kay Eve dahil sya at si It's called karma ay iisa.
Maging maayos kaya ang mission nya hanggang sa wakas o darating din ang karma nyang magtutuldok sa lahat?.
Isang taong magtutulak sa kanya sa bangin o isang anghel na dumating para sya'y sagipin?.
---
Girl to Girl story.
Hmmm may pagka abno yung bida kaya pagpasensyahan yung mga point of view nya. Syaka sya lang pala may point of view dito.. kaya madami kayong pagpapasensyang gagawin xD
May mga violence na kasama pero light lang kasi obviously about bullying yung story.
Hindi pa tapos isulat yung buong storya kaya may delay na magaganap.. Madaming delay na magaganap.
Bago pa lang po ako dito kaya hindi nakakapagtaka na may mga flaws yung story.. Pero susubukan kong ayusin.. For now, subukan nyo munang intindihin xD
---
Hey guys! So this book is on another account of mine,  but for some reason it's not letting me login. SO, here it is on my new account!! Let me know what you think, and the characters are to the side btw!!! Thanks!
OH. And not all the chapters are edited! SORRY :)
Brooke<3<3
Katerina Bathas has been tortured by her brother, her pack, and the kids at school ever since her parents died. Her brother needed someone to blame, and he chooses Katerina. The pack wanted someone's life to make living hell, hey why not Katerina? The kids at school needed a geek to make fun of, oh, there's Katerina. And now, on her 16th birthday, she's met her mate. The one person in the world she can turn to, the one to love her through everything, and anything. Only he doesn't. The moment he realises she's his mate, he rejects her. She couldn't take anything more after that, so she did what any sane person would do... she ran.
She was accepted into a pack, the strongest pack that ranks number one, The Untamed pack. And she's set out to be everything she wishes she was. Only her Alpha's joining packs with another, the one's who rank second. Alpha's order's are to be obeyed no matter what, and now Katerina's being forced back in her home town of Ever Falls, and back to join her old pack; The Fallen Moon. The place she swore to never return to, the place where she grew up, and the place she despises. Only, Katerina isn't the same chubby face'd, not so atractive girl she used to be. She's undeniably, breath-takingly beautiful. And she's about to make the lives of the one's she's hated for 2 and a half years - Living. Hell.

(c) VanessaHernandez2016
Please don't steal this story or any other story in general I work really hard on them and put my time of the day to write them and I will hate for someone to just copy and paste and call it theirs. 
This is my story, every single bit of it so please make your own and don't steal mine. 
One more thing I wanted to give a shout out to the person who inspired me to write this story and that person will be Melanie Martinez. If you have not listened to any of her songs I recommend you do, she's an amazing artist and I will post many of her songs with my chapters. Her songs are not anything mine, but her songs inspired many of these  chapters. Other songs, pics, gif will also be posted and these are also not mine unless I claim it to be. 
Enjoy. 





He this is my first book I have another that's coming out so I hope you guys like It thanks for reading 😘.!! 
-------------------
It was the middle of my senior year of high school I usually wake up at 6:00 to take a shower get dressed do my hair and make up, but today I wasn't feeling it.
I'm Taylor by the way I'm about 5'5 I have long blonde hair and blue eyes.
Today I have to take an exam for school, so I have been up studying for my test.
"Taylor breakfast is ready," my mom shout
I quick got up from my warm and comfy bed.
I went to take a shower, the warm water flowed only showed my stomach a little and some skinny jeans with a cardigan on with some converse.
I walked in my bathroom and put my hair in a side braid. I got my books and car keys and walked downstairs.
"Good morning mom," I kissed her on her cheek.
"Good morning Taylor your dad just left for work so it just going to be me and Leah."
Leah was my three year old sister she had blonde hair with dark brown eyes like my dad. I had eyes like my mother.
"Hey Tay Tay," 
My little sister calls me Tay Tay for short.
" Hey did you eat breakfast yet," 
"Yes mom and I already ate," she said while watch a mermaid show. 
I grabbed two pancakes and ate quickly and headed out the door with a granola bar and some orange juice. 
"Alright mom I'm going to school," before she could reply I was already out the door. 
I got in my silver Nissan I had just got on Christmas. 
My family wasn't poor but they weren't rich either my dad mostly makes the money since he's the manager at his job.
I had to make a quick stop to my best friend Hailey house that was down the street from my house. I pressed my horn to see if she was coming. 
I waited for about five minutes she still didn't come out I grabbed my phone and dialed her number. 
"I'm sorry I was taking so long I'm look for my shoe, oh there it goes I'm going to be right out."
Since she took so long I only had fifteen minutes to get to school and it take about ten minute from her house. 
"Hey I'm so sorry I took so long,"
She got in and when I was about to pull off... 
"Wait I forgot my phone on my bed be right back,"
"Ughh hurry up," 
She ran out almost tripping over a rock and I laughed while she was growling at me. She came out with her phone and I drove off. 
When we got there I we had about two minutes to get to class. 
I jumped out my car with my keys and books.
"Wait on me," she said 
I look back and turned around running in to some one. 
We fell to the ground into a weird position I was on top, and I looked at him he looked mad oh no it was Blake.
I totally forgot that I was late when I was staring at his grey eyes.
" Could you get off of me dork,". 
I quickly got up and I grabbed my books and turn to him and said 
" Your the one who should watch where you going," 
Before he could reply I just stormed off.I got in my class I was late. 
I walked In slowly and she looked at me. 
"Taylor it was unexpected to see you late,"
She pulled a piece of paper I knew what she was gone to do.
"Dentition," 
I grabbed the slip and looked at Hailey she mouthed the words 'sorry'. 
Ughh I got dentition because of Blake. He just made ruin my clean record.
We took the exams it was long, to me well because I was up all night studying.
My other class flew by and it was time for lunch I grabbed my stuff and put it in my locker and I walked to lunch give Hailey the silent treatment . 
"Come onnn talk to me," she moaned 
I was still quiet.
"Are you mad because I left you starring into Blake's eyes," she nearly yelled and everyone's eye look at us.
"What the hell Hailey,"
Good thing Blake just walked in and he didn't have a clue why was every body starring at me.
I quickly got up and moan loudly of frustration.
Why was I starring into his eyes anyway? 
My mind answer the question... 
Because his eyes were so beautiful and stormy grey.
I walked outside to get fresh air.
I at least stayed out there for thirty minutes Hailey came out a few minutes ago telling me she didn't mean to say that out loud and she knew I was embarrassed so she said she will be in the gym if I need her and went back in.
But she knew I always had a crush on Blake and she'll tell me why and I would always say because of his beautiful grey eyes and his black hair the was always cute when it was messed up.
I quickly saw Blake and his friends coming out the door and they all looked at me. 
One of Blake's friend James the player pointed at me and said 
" Isn't that the dork who bumped into you she's kinda hot."
I blushed in embarrassment and walked into my car.
I went home and just skipped the rest of the day at school, I knew my mom was at work and Leah was at daycare since she couldn't go to school now.
I just went upstairs and drifted off to sleep. 
=================================
Did you think it was kinda short if it is please tell me I will make it longer.
Comment and tell.
ღ Info ღ
Hey there!
Before you start reading, make sure to read the rules! Each one of them is important, so read them all, and remember them all! :)
RULES
1. Do not steal this book, its characters, its plot, or anything in it. Your actions could result in a court lawsuit.
2. Do not repost this book on any site for any reason. If you find it somewhere, tell me immediately via private message.
3. Keep your comments clean of swear words. They will be removed if you do cuss.
4. Do not advertise your works on this book. There are places for that, but this place is not one of them.
5. Do not spam hate on this book. I'm not a professional writer (yet), and there will be a few mistakes. If you don't like something, then just stop reading.
EXTRA INFO
THIS BOOK IS MY ENTRY INTO THE National Novel Writing Month 2013! YAY!
If you want to make a cover, banner, fan art, of trailer for this book, inform me through private message! :D
Oh, and just for your information, I'm keeping this book clean of curse words. If you don't like clean books, then stop reading.
Also, all of the characters and places in this book are completely fictional. Any similarities to people or places in real life are purely coincidental.
Well, thanks for taking the time to read this book, and this note!
-Kay
Emma isn't exactly thrilled to be the newest girl in school. She came from Boston Hills and moved to Storybrooke High in her senior year. With her ponytail, not so girly fashion style, braces and her black rimmed eyeglasses, everyone including herself thinks she's a nerd. She is talented and smart but she never bragged about it. Instead, she had always kept herself grounded.
Regina Mills has always been on the top of the school food chain, being the the cheerleading head and one of the meanest bullies alive. She only cared about nothing but popularity and power. Of course, she is the girl every girl in school aspired to be and every boy dreamed about. She has the looks, the money, the influence and not to mention, the brains.
What will happen if two people with total opposite personalities collide?
________________________
Hey guys. Another SQ fic from me! The characters are in High School 
Hope you'll like it!
By the way, Please read and share my other SQ fics entitled We Could Happen and Emma Enchanted. Yay thanks! Sending lots of love to OUAT fandom! #NOH8!
x,
K ♥
This is the sequel to An Arranged Marriage... I hope you guys like it...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I am 23 now and it has been five years since I walked out on my wedding and many things have changed. The biggest change was the fact that I now have a son. He was born January 23, weighing a total of 6 pounds 4 ounces. I named him Micheal (Mike-El) Owen Mildridge, I named him after his fathers middle name. I thought I never wanted children but he has become my pride and joy. 
Right after I found out that I was pregnant I called Kelly and told her where to find me, and to not tell anyone else where I was, well except for Kevin of course. She told every one that since I was gone her and Kevin were going to move back home, but really she came and lived with me, to help me out.
Kevin and Kelly have been happily married for about a year and a half now, and are expecting a child of their own. Kevin is getting his Management Degree at University and Kelly has opted to be a stay at home mother. That helps me because I take classes during the day and at night I work as a singer/bartender at a near by club, so Kelly has become like my personal nanny and I thank God each and everyday for her. I am taking classes in the fine arts, hoping that maybe my singing and dancing will be able to work in my favor one day.
I haven’t talked to Gabriel since the day that I walked away from him, he doesn’t even know that he has a child. I didn’t want to tell him because that would’ve ended in one of two scenarios, either he would have wanted us to stay together as a family, or two he would have tried to take him away from me. I couldn’t deal with either of those outcomes so I opted for secrecy, I know that makes me a bad person but it was the only way I could think to keep Micheal with me. Its not like I am going to see Gabriel any day soon, I now live in England, far away from him and his family.
“Mommy! We late!” Micheal cried braking me out of my thoughts.
“Sorry, do you have all your stuff?” I asked.
“Yup, it in my Napsack. Move, first day, do not wanna miss it,” He cried out dragging me out of our house. I house that I could buy because I sold the diamond engagement ring, and I must say that it cost a pretty penny.
“Okay! Okay lets get going,” I said closing and locking the door behind me.
We lived about five blocks away from the local school so I walked him to his first day of school.
“So are you nervous about your first day of school,” I asked looking down at him.
“No, I am sooo, really excited. Bobby is in me class. It gonna be fun,” He said still dragging me trying to make me go faster.
We got to the school and I gave him a nice sloppy kiss on the cheek.
“Yucky! No kissing!,” he complained as he wiped his cheek.
“But thats a mothers job, we get a license for it at the hospital after the child is born,” I said laughing at him.
“Buh bye mommy,” He said before he went inside.
“I will be right here to pick you up,” I said letting him run off into the school.
“Nice kid you got,” Someone said as I was about to turn and walk away.
“Thank you,” I said turning to look at the man that was talking to me.
“My name is Jack,” He said holding his hand out for me to shake.
“Leandra,” I said shaking his hand.
“No ring, might I ask if you are a single parent?” He asked after he let go of my hand.
“You may ask, I might not answer,” I said as I turned and walked away. I didn’t like single dad’s that hit on me. It was never a turn on and they were always to clingy for my liking.
I walked back to the house and when I went inside I was met with Kelly screams.
“Kelly, what is wrong!” I asked as I saw her sitting on the couch.
“The baby... The Baby is coming,” She said while grabbing her stomach.
“Okay I need you to keep breathing, deep breaths. I am going to drive you to the hospital and I will phone Kevin on the way,” I said helping her up and getting her into the car.
I quickly drove to the hospital, I pulled into the emergency ward and get Kelly a doctor right away, I stayed outside trying to get ahold of Kevin.
Come on, I know you don’t want to miss the birth of your child...
“Hello?” He finally answered.
“Kevin get your ass down to the hospital your wife is about to have a child,” I said quickly knowing that I had to get into the hospital room with Kelly, she will be freaking out by now.
“What, but she isn’t due for another month,”
“Well its coming now so get your ass down here,” I said hanging up the phone and running to Kelly’s room.
“Wheres Kevin?” She asked as I walked into the room.
“He is on his way, he will be here as quickly as he can,” I said grabbing her hand knowing that she would need the support.
It took Kevin ten minutes to get here and I quickly left the room so that he could be with his wife. Kelly was in labour for about six hours before they were blessed with a healthy little girl.
“I am so happy for you guys, but I have to go. I can’t forget my own child on his first day of school,” I said giving Kelly and the Baby a kiss on the cheek.
At least that child will have a happy family...
I thought as I headed to the school to pick up Micheal.
Who can deny that good girls love bad boys? Dangerous, strong, and mysterious.
Valentina Moretti is the type of girl that prefers to stay home and read a good book, instead of partying. Spontaneous and caring, likes helping others.Grayson Andrews is the exact opposite. The tattooed bad boy that earns money from street racing.Rule breaker, risk taker, arrogant.
But you never know what beneath the surface, until you see.And sometimes the perfect person for you is who you least expect it to be. How will they face the threats and past that follows them?
A novel about secrets, heartbreak, risks, trust and love. 
**WARNING: THIS IS MY FIRST BOOK; DON'T HATE, FIRST CHAPTERS ARE UNEDITED AND SHORT, BUT MY WRITING GOT A LOT BETTER.** 
I remember seeing him for the first time like it was yesterday.
The memory is clear in my mind, one I knew I'd never be able to forget. He was standing across the fire from me, clutching a half empty beer bottle in his hand. He was talking to some blonde girl who seemed to be talking his ear off. He looked bored.
I was drawn to him instantly. There was something about him that attracted me. Something I couldn't quite put my finger on. Something that I just wanted.
Our eyes met, and my heart raced.
He held up a finger to the girl, cutting her off mid sentence and muttering some half hearted excuse to her. He walked over to me, and the girls eyes followed. She gave me a glare that I would never notice. Looking back, I wondered how I didn't know that he would be so life altering. That from that point on, nothing would be the same.
Now, standing in the handicap stall of the second floor girls bathroom, I waited for the test results. The little blue stick that would tell me everything. But I didn't need it. I already knew.
With shaking hands, I picked it up. Swallowing hard, I tried to keep my heart from beating out of my chest as I read the result. There it was, the answer that would change my life.
Pregnant.
I woke up to the alarm on my phone blasting which I immediately turned to snooze. Just when I thought I was going to get to sleep in, my mom bursted through my door.
"Lennox! Get up. School started a month ago you're a junior now! Time to adult up a bit and first thing of adulting is waking up when you hear your alarm." My mom yelled as she ripped the covers off of me with my three year old brother, Layton on her hip.
I groaned, but set up to see my mom who was wearing a quarter sleeve chambray romper with lace up gladiator sandals. My mom was in her early forties or late thirties, but you'd never know since she still looked twenty one despite having four kids. Guess being active and working out has it's perks?
"Are those my shoes?" I asked still sleepy
She nodded "They're really cute. Now get dressed, breakfast is almost ready."
She then left my room and closed my door on the way out. I crawled out of my bed and walked over to my dresser where my outfit was already laid out from last night. I grabbed it and walked into my ensuite bathroom.
I plugged in my curling wand and pulled out all the makeup I'd be wearing today. Which wasn't anything dramatic. I did my my makeup first. Which was BB cream, blush, highlighter, mascara, and lip gloss. As for my outfit it was just a loose white t-shirt, maroon jeans, and hightop white converse. For accessories I just had a stack of bracelets that fit the outfit. I'd already straighten my hair last night, which was a necessity since my mom's genes gave me curly hair. But today I was doing loose curls with a curling wand. 
Doing the loose curls only took about ten or fifteen minutes. When I was done I unplugged  the wand and walked out of my bathroom. I grabbed my book bag, my phone, and my dance bag since I was on my school's dance/drill team. That's what I spent my whole summer doing, dancing with The Joffrey Ballet School in their summer intensive.
I walked down the stairs to the kitchen to see my whole family. My mom and I were greatly outnumbered unless you counted our two girl German Shepherds. Who's names were Lucy and Lulu. They were twins like my brother and I. I refused to go home without both of them when I saw them at the animal shelter. I got two german shepherds instead of the little mutt I thought I was going to get. Lucy and Lulu were only two years old though.
Then there were my brothers, I had three of them. Yes, I was the only girl. Landon is the oldest by five minutes and my twin who is also sixteen. Then we have Lawson who is seven and then we have the youngest Layton who was only three.
"Morning everyone." I smiled as I sat down at the island barstool. 
"Morning Lennox Grace." My dad said turning around as he put a plate of pancakes and bacon in front of me. 
As soon as I began eating Landon walked in "Morning L's. Plus mom and dad."
"Why do all of our names start with L? Are we all losers?" I asked my dad
Then my mom walked in with Lawson and Layton. "Because your dad's middle name is Luke and we took that letter for our kids. All of y'all are our losers! Lennox do you have your dance clothes? Because I can't leave my meeting to bring them to you."
I nodded "Yes, I have them."
What kind of meeting? My mom was in the process of opening up a organization for teens to get football/college offers to anywhere. As well as tips from my dad. She was taking a break from being a nurse. My mom always liked to stay busy, since she didn't want to be seen as someone who sat around and used her husband's riches. Even though my parents were pretty much set for two hundred lifetimes.
"I've been in second grade for a month now mommy!" Lawson exclaimed as my mom sat Layton in his booster seat at the table to eat breakfast
I nodded "Layton how does is feel to start early learning school and not be with mom twenty four seven?"
I awoke to the crisp, winter sunrise streaming through the crack in the curtains, the dark colour of the material making the light stream in much brighter. Peeling the covers back off my single bed, I rose slowly from the mattress with my bones creaking along with the old frame. I reached to the ceiling on my tip toes stretching out the knots in my muscles from yesterday's run. The clock leaning against the plain wall on the floor read 7:10, the usual time I awoke from my slumber.
Like every other morning since the winter season rolled around, I drew back the curtains and opened the window. The birds chirping happily, the dogs occasionally barking, and the people out for their morning jog were oblivious to my observing out the frosted glass windows. Living their lives, moving on. Before the cold could run through my thin pyjama layer, I sprinted back to my bed and dove under the covers, revelling in the remaining warmth by tucking the covers up under my chin. Facing the window, with that same ray of light that woke me now streaming over my face I take a deep breath and smell the winter air. Somehow, the crisp feeling made me think everything was okay, that hopefully things could get better.
A slight gust of wind invaded my room, sweeping across my face and making me shiver. The feathers on the useless dream catcher tied to the head frame of my bed swayed dramatically, finally doing something other than being a useless waste of money. After about 5 minutes the breeze began to pick up more, making my posters rattle against the wall and the tacks to come loose. Sighing heavily I rolled out the side of the bed, "Moving on.." I thought to myself.
Rushing to the window I slammed it shut, small pieces of ice crystals flying off into the wind in the process. Stepping around my bed I opened my bedroom door out to the hall and made my way to the family bathroom. As soon as my foot creaked on the squeaky floorboard, I knew what was coming.
"No! Move out of my way bitch! First born, first person to use the bathroom!" my older brother by 2 years bellowed from down the hall.
As expected, Alex came charging from his teenage boy hellhole shoving me into the wall as he passed and muttered "useless waste of space" under his breath. Sticks and stones Jane, sticks and stones... I reminded myself, these days the phrase is becoming a running mantra in my head. Being 17, I have experienced the taunting of my fellow classmates for several years, but now starting in a whole new town, new city, new state, I was hoping for a somewhat semi-fresh start to the new school term.
After losing a few pounds, I felt like I no longer deserved the name calling. Jelly Jane, Giant Jane, Jumbo Jane. The emotional scars I hope to wear off in the future, but for now the names still felt like sticks and stones. My self implemented excessive exercise regime and special diet meant I was unlike the old Jelly, Jumbo, Giant Jane, and a better looking Jane. With a slight 6 pack I may add..
Feeling my feet start to lose sensation I shuffled back to my room and stuffed my feet into my too small slippers, before returning out to the hall and into the kitchen. I saw my mother sitting at the kitchen bench with a cup of coffee in one hand, a cigarette in the other. Healthy breakfast! When I entered her vision she stopped reading the magazine in front of her and looked me straight in the eye, her black heartless eyes burning into my soul.
"We moved her for you Jane. So the school would stop sniffing around our family for all the bullying you attracted to yourself. So you had better hurry up and get ready for this new school year, because at this rate it may be your last." she said, her eyes never once leaving mine.
I didn't know if that was a reference to the ending of my education, or to the ending of my life. Not wanting to question it in fear of the wrong answer I stayed silent, knowing whatever my reply, she would end up screaming at me. After a good minute or two she sighed heavily, rolled her eyes and muttered the same words as my Brother, "Useless waste of space." Sticks and stones Jane, sticks and stones.
Edit: I am rewriting this whole story because I'm not satisfied with it and think there's plenty of room for improvement. The story will stay the same for the most part, but there will be some changes and new characters introduced. 
Since I've decided to rewrite The Nerd Disguise, I thought I will also give it a new title, which will be revealed soon.☺
All Rights Reserved.©
All rights are reserved by the owner and creator of this story, Fatima Tayyab or @FatimaBaji13 and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution, or selling of this work is an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of copyright is punishable by law.
~ ! FORTSETZUNG VON „RIPTIDE" & "HEADLIGHT" ! ~

Zeiten ändern sich.
Wortwörtlich.
Egal, wie alt du bist, wo du wohnst, wer du bist – nichts bleibt, wie es war. Du veränderst dich, die Leute um dich herum ändern sich.
Und manchmal bleibt alles wie früher. Wie am Anfang.

Das dritte Buch der Jassy-Trilogie.
(Man kann das Buch nur verstehen, wenn man Band 1 (Riptide) und Band 2 (Headlight) gelesen hat!)
_____________________
© Copyright reserved. 2017 @Nina Lealie
So, I've always really liked the whole overprotective brother stories, so I wrote my own. Above is a slideshow of the actors I think fit the characters, so I hope you like it :)
Life of a Tonelli sister
Introduction
My name is Lydia Isabella Tonelli.
I have 6 brothers, because my parent's mantra is, "The more the merrier!"  
The first and eldest of the Tonelli's is Felix at age 24, Leo at age 22 then Greg at age 19, Marcus at age 18, Melvin at age 17, me at age 16, and my younger brother Joseph at age 15. My mom just popped them out one after the other.
My parents, Benito and Maria Tonelli both immigrated to the U.S 25 years ago. They left their parents, siblings and friends to give their kids a good life in America. Because we don't have family here I guess my parents wanted to have a bunch of kids to make up for that. 
My family is not rich, we own small Italian restaurant, which we all work at because, hey, who could pass up free child labor? We live in a 2 story house 6 rooms, Leo and Greg share, and Marcus and Melvin share. Then there's me the princess with her own room. I can't complain except for the fact that I don't have privacy because my parents don't "believe" in locks on doors. I can't even count the times I have been walked in on while changing, it's ridiculous.
Well that's enough background information, let's get started shall we?
First several chapters pre written :)
“Hello and welcome to Subway. What can I get for you today?” I asked mechanically to the customer in front of me.  The line was going down and the shoppers in North Winchester Mall were dying down. But, really? Who orders Subway at eight at night when the mall is about to close and when there is a heavy snow storm outside? Not normal people. Well, I guess the snow isn’t a big deal, it is Maine. But it’s still not normal.
The man fed me his order and I robotically grabbed the bread from the shelf behind me and stuffed it with the meat and cheese that it called for before putting it in the toaster behind me.
“He’s our last order, then close up.” My boss, Frank told me as I took the next person’s order.
I nodded. “Going early?”
“Yeah. The wife’s worried that I’ll die in the snow.” He said with an annoyed chuckle.
“So you’re just going to leave me here to die alone?” I joked, putting the new sub into the toaster.
“No, you won’t be alone. Becker will be with you. You guys need to take inventory before you leave.” He said casually.
“You did that on purpose, didn’t you?” I asked, looking at Dyson who was stuffing a sub with peppers as the customer ordered. He purposely didn’t look my way.
You see, Dyson Becker is not a good person. He is annoying, childish, and rude. We have worked together at the same Subway in the same mall for almost a year now. We even go to the same high school as juniors. He hates me and I hate him, that’s just how it is. Of course, Frank just thinks our bicker is hilarious so he likes to give us the same shifts and give us the same jobs.
“You know I did.” Frank said with a wink. “See you Sunday.” He called, tossing me the keys and going through the back.
I cleaned out the cash register like I do whenever I have to close and put the money in the safe without saying a word to Dyson.
“Hey, let me get a twenty.” He whispered behind me.
I quickly shut the safe and locked it before spinning around to glare at Dyson.
“Why’d you do that?” He whined.
“You can’t steal, stupid.”
He smirked. “Don’t want me to get fired?”
“I don’t give a flying rat turd if you get fired. But if I let you steal, then I get fired. And you are not worth my job. Sorry to disappoint.” I said sweetly, walking into the back while Dyson put of the ‘Closed’ sign, even though everybody was out of the mall by now, thanks to the heavy security staff. Now, the only people in the building were the security and late shift of workers locking up.
Dyson followed me into the back and we started taking inventory of the cups. “So you aren’t afraid of the storm?” He teased.
“It’s Maine, this happens all of the time.” I sighed, not turning to face him so that I didn’t lose count of the paper cups.
“Well, yeah. But my phone says that it’s pretty serious.” He said.
“Aw, are you afwaid?” I chuckled in a little kid voice.
He chuckled. “Yeah, right.” He said confidently. “But if you want to cuddle, I’ll understand.” He purred. Did I mention that he’s a player? Well, he is.
“Oh, it’s tempting. But I think I’ll pass. I can handle myself.” I said simply.
“Still counting?” He said behind me.
“Yup.” I sighed, keeping my eyes on the cups. 154… 155…. 156.
“Seventy- two. Ninety- Six. One thousand and fifty three.”
“What are you doing?” I whined.
“Getting you off track.”
“Well, it’s not working.” I muttered. “You’re just being annoying and slowing us down. The faster you count, the faster we can far away from each other.”
He chuckled and I felt his body heat radiating off of my back, telling me that he was inches from me. He put his hands on my waist an put his lips so close to my ear that I could feel his breath. “You know you’ll miss me.” He whispered huskily.
I pushed my elbow back as hard as I could into his gut. He grunted and doubled over in pain. “Don’t touch me.” I growled.
He stood up straight. “Feisty, are we?”
“Shut up.” I muttered, finishing the inventory of the cups. I jumped and let out a loud shriek when a loud bold of thunder rattled the whole building.
Dyson laughed. “Not scared, right?” He asked sarcastically.
I glared at him but couldn’t think of a good come back in time before my phone started vibrating in my pocket. I quickly pulled it out and answered. “Hello?”
“Tyler?” It was my mom and she sounded scared. By the way, yes, my name is Tyler and I’m a girl. So my mom wanted a boy but got me.
“Yeah, Mom. What’s up?” I asked, sliding my green Subway visor off of my head and onto the hook assigned to me.
“Are you okay, sweety?” She asked.
“Yeah. I’m just about to leave the mall.”
“You haven’t left yet?!” She shrieked.
I chuckled. “No. I had inventory. I’m fine.”
“Honey, all of the roads are closing. You need to hurry up and get out before they won’t let you get home.”
I untied my apron and name tag then hung it with my visor. “Okay. I’m hurrying. See you soon. Love you.” I said. Before she could worry some more, I hung up my phone and went to the door.
Dyson was frowning down at me and standing in front of the closed door. “Dyson, move.” I sighed, tiredly.
He raised his eyebrows at me and stepped aside. “Good luck getting out.”
I rolled my eyes then turned the door knob but it wouldn’t budge.
“Looks like we’re locked in, babe.”
There was a time when Francesca "Frankie" Rome and Beckham "Beck" Hart were two best friends, spending every moment of every day together, sharing secrets and having a good laugh. But that was a long time ago, when Beckham wasn't set on the same career path as the man he was named after, and Frankie wasn't teaching boys how to be gentlemen, in exchange for car rides to school. It was when Beck was actually a nice guy, instead of the egotistical asshole he's turned into. And when Frankie didn't try to pick fights with him, on the rare occasions that they happened to speak. Yeah. Their friendship is ancient history.
Now it's their senior year of high school. The two probably couldn't hate each other more.
But when Beck comes to Frankie for help in the gentleman department, the two discover that sometimes, a couple fake dates and a bunch of car rides together are all it takes to dissolve their hard feelings into a helluva lot of sexual tension.

The rules of The Gentleman Project are definitely debatable, if not a bit sexist. However, please refrain from whining about it every chapter. The reason I've written this book is so that my main character can discover a bit about love, relationships, and the male population by breaking out of her old-fashioned, gentlemanly mindset. I've gotten a lot of people bitching about it, and while it's fine that you're riled up, please don't direct it toward this story or my characters, as then it seems you're completely missing the point of this book.
Also, I'd like to point out that there's nothing wrong with the old-fashioned, gentlemanly mindset. As everyone will want something different in their relationship (some might want gentlewomanly) I'd just like to say that the only relationship/preferences you're allowed to criticize are your own. If someone wants to be taken care of, let them be. If someone wants to take charge, let them. In your relationship, you can decide who and what you want. But in anyone else's, it is their and their partner's decision, and theirs alone.
On another note, a lot of you are constantly bitching about Frankie's trust issues. And I get that you're frustrated with her, but that's really the point. I'm not going to write a character that has no room to grow. Frankie is flawed, because every person is flawed. So please, please keep that in mind before you start writing all these harsh things about her; it makes me feel like you're not understanding her character when you do. She won't be perfect because no one is. And if you can't deal with that, go read a different book. Simple as that. 


A/N: Please be sure to leave a vote and/or comment if you're interested! And I know I have like six billion stories to update, but I couldn't not post this one. I've already got half the chapter written and I'm having a lot of fun with this one. Thanks for reading and stay lovely! xx

(A/N) This is my first ever book! Hopefully you will like it! ENJOY
Chapter 1: Brand New School
"There you go" said Aunty Charlie as she came in to the living room, handing me my new ID.
"Remember that your name is Victoria Carter now, so no more Ashley Bennett." she continued.
"Thanks, won't you need one though." I asked, it was Tuesday night and I had to start my new school tomorrow so I needed to change my name so HE won't find me when he gets out.
"Nah, he doesn't even know I exist so there's no point in hiding me, we need to keep you hidden," Aunty Charlie replied " Now go get changed and into bed, your new life officially starts tomorrow."
Aunty Charlie left shortly after that, probably getting ready for bed. I loved her, she was like a mother to me, maybe it was because she was my mothers sister. My mum pasted away when I was 5 so I barley knew her. But Aunty Charlie makes her sound like an amazing person, she was kind, sweet and loving.
I glanced at the clock above the fire place it read 10:59,might as well get to bed now or I'll never be able to get out of bed tomorrow.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DING DING
It was 6:00am so I have an hour and a bit to get ready for school.
After my long hot shower I decided to wear an over size t-shirt paired with black leggings and brown ankle boots. That should be fine for the first day of school, right. I thought. I wonder how to day will g-
"Victoria, you're breakfast is on the table, I need to go to work so bye" interrupted by Aunty Charlie, it sounded weird being called Victoria, for the past 17 years I was called Ashley and now I will need to get used to being called Victoria.
"Bye Aunty Charlie." I shouted before I heard the front door close and my Aunts Mini Cooper start up from outside. After I had breakfast I got into my 1979 Chevrolet LUV, it may not be the most beautiful vehicle in the world, but it was still my baby. It was now 7:15, I had about 15 minutes to get to school.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I drove in to the schools parking lot and noticed all the flashy cars, I definitely stood out from the rest (in a bad way, unfortunately). Once I got out of my truck I made my way to the school office so I could get registered, it was quite easy to find because it was a the front of the school entranced.
"Hello dear, how may I help you" asked a nice lady, probably in her late 40s.
"I'm new here, my name is A-Victoria Carter" I mentally slapped myself, I really needed to get used to my name. The women gave me a suspicious look but it quickly changed in to her friendly smile. She went through some folders before she came back and passed me my schedule, my locker number and code and a map of the school. 
"There you go dear, here is everything you'll need, have a great day and welcome to Ashton High School"
I left after that, looking for my first class which was chemistry. I turned a corner and accidentally bumped into someone making her fall over, I kindly helped her up. This was definitely not my day.
"Sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going" I mumbled. Helping her pick up all the papers she dropped.
"Nah, its ok, I should have been looking where I was going- aren't you the new girl. Wow, you're really pretty, I love your blonde her, I've always wanted to have blonde hair but unfortunately I'm stuck being a brunette. Anyway welcome to Ashton High, I'm Tyra James, what's your name?" She said. Man, can she talk I don't even think she look a breath between any of her sentences.
"I'm Victoria Carter," I replied. I mentally gave myself a pat on the back, I actually remembered my name.
"I love you're name its so posh," Here we go again. Mine is just really weird, anyway what's your next class?" She asked. Wow, that was shorter then I thought it would be.
"Chemistry with Mr Ryan" I replied with a quick glance at my schedule.
"Yay, that's mine too" she squealed before pulling me to our class.
This is going to be a very long day!   
(A/N) PICTURE OF TORI TO THE SIDE --------->
A/n: Please Read! ✋
Hey (y/n___)... yes you! I saw you across the room and you were going to start reading my book! *leans in closer* 
Okay okay, sorry for keeping you! *steps back and beams* 
I hope you enjoy the book (y/n___)!
Leave a comment or a vote! Hmm... a Vomment!!! (Comment + Vote)! 
Don't be shy now (; I don't bite. (Creepy).
*salutes* Get back to reading 
(y/n___)! Then tell me what you think! 
Private Message me if you have to! 
xx Enjoy!
-adorkable07 :) 
•○●°•○●°•○●°•○●°•○●°•○●°•○●°•○●
¤▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ ¤ ▪ 
This Book may have some mispelt words, missed out words, or even an elephant! (Kidding... obviously.) So... my great apologies to you if my grammar and writing aren't well... 
But continue to read if you dare! 
Don't blame me... (sort of) 
And don't skip this without leaving a comment or a vote! 
Hehe xxCopyright 2015 
-adorkable07 :)
This book used to belong to @Coffee_filled_souls but now she is allowing me to finish writing it so the chapters that she wrote will be put up as I receive them. I will usually update on weekends mostly Saturdays. Hope you enjoy!
Last Regret #3
Miles
Gdy wracasz do domu po wyczerpujących dwóch miesiącach w trasie, marzysz o jednej rzeczy. Nie, nie chodzi o zimne piwo. I pudło, nie chodzi też o twoją ukochaną. I tak jesteś zbyt nieprzytomny, żeby się nią nacieszyć. Tą jedyną rzeczą jest twoje własne łóżko. Pachnące. Mięciutkie. Twoje. I w tym momencie pojawia się haczyk... 
Wszedłem do apartamentu, który od kilku miesięcy dzieliłem z moją narzeczoną, Alison, kiwając głową do rytmu muzyki płynącej z mojego iPoda. Mad mieszkał przecznicę wcześniej i już nie chciałem go fatygować aż tutaj. Krótki spacer mi w końcu krzywdy nie zrobi.
Rzuciłem torbę na podłogę i rozejrzałem się po ciemnym pokoju. Coś mi nie pasowało. Wyjąłem słuchawki z uszu i zamarłem.
- O Boże... - usłyszałem jęk Ally i łoskot.
Co do...?
- O Boże, tak! - tym razem jeszcze głośniej.
Z mojego iPoda wciąż płynęła znajoma melodia ,,F*** Her" Warfigher Wicked, a krew w moich żyłach się zagotowała. To są chyba jakieś jaja.
Przemierzyłem te kilka metrów, które dzieliło mnie od sypialni i z impetem otworzyłem drzwi, żeby zobaczyć coś, czego nie powinien zobaczyć żaden facet. Nigdy. Przenigdy. W moim łóżku leżała moja naga narzeczona uprawiająca ostry seks z kimś, kto nie był mną.
- Co tu się, do chuja, dzieje?! - wydarłem się, a para od siebie odskoczyła.
Facet był tak przerażony, że wyglądał jakby zaraz miał się posikać.
- Co tak stoisz? Spieprzaj stąd! - warknąłem i wskazałem mu drzwi.
Potykając się, z ubraniami w garści minął mnie i wyszedł. Nawet nie zaszczyciłem go spojrzeniem. Mój wzrok był skupiony na długonogiej szatynce, z którą miałem się ożenić. Czas przeszły.
- Do rana ma nie być tu ani ciebie, ani twoich rzeczy. Klucze zostaw w recepcji - oznajmiłem i odwróciłem się na pięcie.
- Miles! - zawołała.
- Dość zrobiłaś, Alison. Nie potrzebuję żadnego wytłumaczenia ponad to, co zobaczyłem. Ufałem ci - machinalnie odgarnąłem z twarzy luźne kosmyki włosów i czym prędzej opuściłem mieszkanie, ignorując jej wołania i szlochy.
Jej miłość do mnie była niczym więcej, jak tylko kłamstwem.
A/n: Kto tęsknił? Tak, pewnie nikt :P A tak serio to po tylu fantastycznych komentarzach pod epilogiem NZM postanowiłam wstawić Wam chociaż prolog. Wiem, trochę Was katuję, bo na rozdział będziecie trooochę czekać. Przepraszam, matura nie wybiera ;) 
Dajcie znać jak Wam się widzi prolog ^^
Ania xx
XxHiya guys, so....that's Destiny on the side, enjoy...XxRosexX
Destiny's POV
"YOU WORTHLESS CHILD, GET YOUR ASS DOWN HERE" My ugly bitch step-mum called out
I sighed "COMING" I yelled back
I walked down the stairs "Yes??" I asked as I reached the kitchen 
I glass plate came aiming at me, I quickly moved to the side but it still made a cut on my left arm.
"When I ask you to come here, you come immediately, am I clear??" She said giving me a death glare, not that it scared me.
I sighed holding my arm with my hand where the plate hit "Yes"
"I want you to wash all the dishes in 10 minutes, I'm having some of my friends from work coming over for dinner so I want you to behave well, is that understood??"
"Yes, umm, Where are Will and Car??" I asked, Car is my nickname for Carter.
I have to elder brothers, Will is 19 and Carter is 20 and I'm 18. My mum committed sucicide when she found out that my dad was cheating on her with Amy, my now Step-mother. My dad married Amy after a few months my mom committed sucicde, I loved my dad but after what he did to mum, I hated him and Amy so much that I couldn't even look at him. Amy loves my brothers but hates me, she always calls me names and tries to hit me with something but my brothers stop her, I love my brothers more than I love anyone in this world
"None of your business, now shut up you bitch and wash the dishes" She said walking away. A tear slipped from my eye, I quickly wiped it away. 
I miss you mommy............
Another tear fell and another, soon I was crying non-stop.
I finished washing a mountain of dishes. I rushed upstairs, slammed my bedroom door, laid my back against the door and put my knees to my chest and cried
Someone knocked on my door. 
"Dezzy??" Will called out from behind the door. I didn't respond to him......kept on crying softly
"Dez, open the door" Carter said
I sighed knowing that they aren't gonna leave me alone, so I opened the door.
They both frowned when they entered 'Dezzy what's wrong??' Will asked, kneeling down beside me.
'I miss mommy' I whispered 
Carter hugged me "Shhh, do you think mum will be happy to see you like this??"
I shook my head slowly, I know I was acting like a baby right now but I didn't care
"She's in a better place now, I promise we'll meet her again one day, now stop crying" Will said wiping off my tears with his thumb.
I nodded
"CARTER, WILL, DESTINY WILL YOU COME DOWN FOR DINNER" Amy yelled from downstairs 
Will helped me stood up, we went downstairs. There were 3 women around Amy's age and 2 young teenage girls that were about mine or Will's age, sitting at the dining table.
They all greeted us. Well us meaning Carter and Will, it's always like this whenever some of Amy's friends from work come for dinner they never greet me, I guess Amy always tells them not to greet me or something.
I just ate looking down at my phone, Amy was too busy talking to notice me, if she did, let's just say one word: DEAD
"Will, Carter why don't you and the 2 young beautiful ladies go upstairs and get to know each other??" Amy said.
"Missed Me, Missed Me, Now You Gotta Kiss Me",
by H. M. Verdon
Copyright 2011 H. M. Verdon
All Rights Reserved
In the small town of Lewisburg , Tennessee , there lived a country house. It was one hundred years old with forty-three acres of hilly land covered with trees. On that land there was the two story, three bedroom house, a utility barn, a horse barn, and a chicken coop. I had memorized every part of that land; the flat terrain and the hills. In the hills, people liked to throw their garbage-and not just stinky stuff, but washing machines and tires and stuff like that-on our hills.
And that was what we did with our time; Liam and I.
Especially after reading 'Bridge to Terrabithia' for school, the hills became a sort of secret hideout for us. We built a teepee out of sheets and tree branches by a stream that was only full some of the time. That was our favorite spot; up ahead there was a steep path leading up with a bunch of big boulders that opened up to this mini waterfall. It was beautiful, even with the rusty, broken down barbed wire fence behind it.
We knew every part of those woods. We had every fort imaginable-even a useless basket hanging from a tree branch with a rope lever.
The hills were our fun before Mama and Daddy bought the horses. I started riding when I was five, but we never had enough money to buy me a horse. Then Daddy got a new job when I was almost seven, buying me a little black pony I named Molly. I rode her every day every chance I could get. We even took her in the hills, Liam and I, to carry our stuff. Molly was as much Liam's horse as she was mine, after all. There was nothing I had that I didn't share with Liam.
He was my best friend.
A year after Molly, Daddy's job made him move away. We couldn't buy another farm house, so we would be moving into the suburbs in Phoenix , Arizona . Not only did I have to say goodbye to Molly-Daddy gave her to Liam's family after he and I begged and begged him to-but I had to say goodbye to Liam, too.
On the morning of our leave, Liam's parents had come over so he could say goodbye. Tearfully I gave him a tight, never ending hug. He promised he would take care of Molly and the hills for me. I promised I would never, ever forget him. He gave me his worn out cowboy hat he'd had forever, just to make sure I wouldn't forget him.
Arizona was hot and dusty and I had resisted it for years. But as the years went by it was clear I would never be seeing Tennessee or Liam again. When I was twelve, I had forgotten all about Liam, basically, ignoring his letters that were few and fewer each week.
Eventually the letters stopped altogether.
And I forgot all about Liam Nelson.
_______________________________________________________________________________________
A/N So, prologue of my new story. The setting is where I live, so you'll find a lot of description in the first chapter. This is kinda opposite of my life. I lived in CA then TN and left behind my best friend/crush Cameron. Turns out he's a jerk now, but anyway. What will happen with Liam? More info on the story coming up shortly.
VOTES?
COMMENTS?
TTFN,
Hannah
P.S Been watching James Bond all week.
Heyyy! 
Very glad you've stumbled upon this book. 
Now, before you all start hating and stuff, this book does need editing. 
In my defence, this book has literally just been completed, so I shouldn't get criticised too much. 
Leave. The door's right there. Well, technically the "back button" but you get the picture. 
See, what I did there? The picture part? 
 Enjoy!!
Chapter 1- Hot Or Not, I Do Not Need A Stalker!
The lines of the text book laid out on the table before me were nothing, but blurred lines on a piece of paper. I could no longer differentiate between the sentences as they all seemed to run in together. Who cares about the difference between all purpose and self raising flour? It’s all the same to me.
I’d much rather be actually cooking than having to learn the basics from a text book first. Though, I guess they sort of go hand in hand. Maybe I wouldn’t be so irritated about it if I had gotten more than four hours of sleep last night.
I blame it on that stupid English paper that kept me up all night. I hope I never have to write another book report again. I know that’s high hopes coming from a high school student with more than half a year left to go.
“Olivia?”
Crap. Someone is talking to me.
I snapped my head in the direction of my name and saw Mrs. Hughes standing in front of the dry erase board with a marker in her hand. She, along with all the other students in the class, -to the exception of the blond headed guy who was staring out the window in a daze- was staring at me. I blushed.
“I’m sorry. Could you repeat the question?”
She gave a heavy sigh with a disappointed look and turned around to write something on the board.
“You guys will never learn this if you don’t pay attention,” she stressed. “I know you want to engage in some hands on learning, but you have to know this stuff first.”
At least I wasn’t the only one being lectured.
At the classes end the bell rang and I was more than happy to gather my things and make it to last period. Before anyone was out the door Mrs. Hughes called out to us that tomorrow we would make the simplest of things, spaghetti. That would determine if everyone was ready to begin learning more challenging recipes. Thank God for elective classes. It severed as a much needed break from things like science and the anatomy of the human body.
In P.E we had to run laps until our legs fell off. Okay, so maybe I’m being melodramatic. My legs didn’t actually fall off, but they felt like they could. I think I burned off most of the calories from those two Chocolate Chip cookies I ate for lunch today.
Curse Farrah for giving me those stupid, delicious things. Now all I wanted to do was sneak back into the cafeteria and buy two more. I’m supposed to be dieting. I guess that’s out the window now.
“What are you gonna do this weekend?” Grace asked me in last period.
“I don’t know,” I shrugged, resting my chin in the palm of my hand. “Probably the same thing I do every weekend. Get caught up on homework and waste away in front of the television.”
“Sounds better than my weekend,” she sighed. “Can I come?”
“If you don’t mind hearing my parents bicker, than sure.”
She looked at me sympathetically. “Are they still at it?”
“Yep,” I answered in boredom.
It was getting pretty old actually. Every night and every day they were constantly arguing. If it wasn’t about the finances, it was about the late night hours dad spent at work or the new boat he most recently splurged on. That definitely was not in the finances.
I’m pretty sure he’s going through a mid life crisis. Mom needs to face the music.
“I can live with it,” she answered. “It beats spending another weekend at my grandma’s watching westerns and Jeopardy. I’ve seen ‘The Good, the Bad and the Ugly’ so many times I have half the lines memorized. It’s unbearable.”
******** This text is covered by the international copyright laws. This content may not be copied to another computer, published, stored, reproduced or altered in any way. Any violations of this is punishable by law. ********
© 2016 by LaurenJ22.
All rights reserved.
--------------------------
 "Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein. 
Hey guys! So this is my new story that I've been working on. Ages ago I had story called Faithless and then took it down because I didn't like it haha. But this is not the same story, just so that's clear. Anyway, I'm having fun writing this so hopefully you enjoy it!
Enjoy lovelies x
To keep updated with me and what's going on, here are various social media accounts of mine which you can follow:
Instagram: LaurenJ_22
Official Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/authorlaurenjackson
Official Blog/Website: http://lauren-jackson.awesomeauthors.org
If anyone is interested in submitting me any banners, covers, book jackets, trailers or just want to hit me up with an email, mine is: laurenj.22@hotmail.com
Dedication: To xXSwimmer_ChickXx for the amazing trailer! Her work is absolutely fantastic, you really should check her out! Thank you so much again for it Sammie.  Absolutely love it! :) 

------------------------------

The knife twisted in my back painfully. Figuratively speaking, of course. I felt a little breathless as I stared at my father. Unshed tears burned at my eyes as his words bounced around inside my mind. My stomach churned uncomfortably with the urge to be sick. This couldn't be happening again. Clenching my fist, I leaned forward a little, as if that would ease some of the ache in my chest.
"You said you wouldn't leave again." I whispered, the words getting caught in my throat. 
His own watery eyes burned into mine as he begged for me to understand. I know he was doing this for me, but the best thing would be to stay here. He shook his head slightly, his lips parted. I looked away from him, attempting to hold it together. Sure, we had talked about this a few times but I didn't think he would seriously leave again.
"I know what I said. There are no jobs here. We're struggling to pay the bills as it is and with Nancy moving out..." he trailed off, rubbing his neck.
Nancy could go to hell. 
My father and I live in this giant, two story house just out of town. For as long as I can remember, even when mum was still living with us, we lived on the top floor and always rented the bottom out. It was so big that it was almost like two houses on top of each other.
Nancy has been renting the floor beneath us for a couple years now. To say I strongly dislike her would be the understatement of the century. She was loud, obsessive, annoying and clingy. My father and she had a 'thing', which made my skin crawl. Worse than that, she insisted I call her mum, which did not go down well with me.
"I always said we could move." I argued although I loved this house and the thought of moving made me cringe. I would make the sacrifice if it meant having him here with me. My dad was practically my best friend, as lame as that sounds.
Introduction
You know those people you see in movies or read about in books and you think 'Wow. Those two are going to be best friends forever?' Well that was Aiden and I. We were absolutely inseparable.
When I was sad, Aiden was sad; at least until he could cheer me up. And when I was sick, Aiden was sick; well he led his parents to believe anyway. It was really just a way for him to get to stay at home with me. After they'd leave for work he'd sneak over to mine and we'd watch all the pay-per-view movies I wanted. I suppose you're wondering how I got away with this, right?
Well, the good thing about being an only child is you get babied....a lot. So that meant when I were sick then I got plenty of attention and some very bad feeling parents. This, of course, resulted in me getting everything I wanted. Like, unlimited pay-per-view for example. Anything to make “daddy's little girl” happy.
Now, please don't mistake me for sounding spoiled because I'm anything but that. I'm just merely taking advantage of a situation. And hey if I'm sick I deserve it, right?
Anyway back to my story. I tend to get distracted sometimes, so if I do that you'll just have to excuse me. It's all due to my terribly short attention span. Speaking of which, I’ve a funny story to tell you. You know it was just the other day that Charity and I-
Oh right, the story.
So now that you sort of have an understanding of Aiden’s and my relationship; I'll go on. And I apologize for all my narration in advance because there will be a lot of it. Well seeing as I'm writing a book…or journal entry if you will. I've decided to try out my writing skills in making out my life in the form of a book.
Yes, I Bailey Mathews am trying something brand new. Much like I did after he left. And by ‘he’ I mean Aiden. Oh wait we're not to that part yet, are we? Sorry this is just a short introduction to my life. You'll have to wait for the rest.
So I feel like I've enlightened you enough for now, but don't worry anxious readers of my somewhat dull and mundane life that suddenly got interesting, I will do my best to keep you as entertained as possible. If I should fail, I promise to give up this crazy idea of writing my life and instead live it to the fullest. Well… probably not, but it sounded promising, didn't it?
Okay enough of my blabbering. I'm sure you're more interested in getting to the good stuff, right? Well I will hinder you no longer. You may now proceed. However, with caution. This isn't your average run of the mill story. Or the classic boy meets girl, girl falls in love story. No this something much more complicated and more complex than that. If there is one thing that my life is not; it's simple. Therefore it's sure to be interesting.  
 xoxo Bailey
Hey, this is my first book, so I am most likely going to suck at it. In the comments you can give me some ideas of what I should do next. 
I hope you guys enjoy.Wish me the best of luck and I will try to update once a week at least. And if I don't update on a while is because I was being lazy or something happened. 
Anyways bye peeps. 
Vote.Comment.Share.
Love ya, Am is out. 
First, thanks for clicking on my story, lol.
This book is a spin-off/companion for Charming in Handcuffs. You DO NOT need to read Charming in Handcuffs to read this one. But beware, there are spoilers for Charming in Handcuffs. So if you do plan on reading that, read it first before this one. But this book is perfectly fine as a stand alone! 
And don't feel obligated to read Charming in Handcuffs haha. Only read it if you absolutely want to. I hope you enjoy this book if you do plan on reading it before or after! It means the world to me! <3
Hope you're having a good day! :)

Rumour has it that a new guy is joining our class this year. All the girls are going crazy, imagining all the case scenarios from cliché YA books: mysterious, rebel, bad boy, werewolf, fallen angel, even vampire! The worst part, I don't even think they have read the books; they only watched the films. However, it doesn't make much difference to me, it's not like he is going to see me. No one sees me.
Oh but don't worry, I got used to this and I learnt to enjoy it. Believe me, being unseen has its perks. I'll show you.
__________________
If you want to translate this story you need to follow three simple rules.
1) Give credit. You need to state I wrote the story and you are translating it.2) Don't change characters names or anything in the plot. I don't want edits of the story, or modifications, or anything. Just translation.3) Let me know when you start posting to add your work to the Translations reading list.
Bel, xx
"Why do you wear a mask?" Nathan whispers.
I look down at the ground, and then back up to his curious gaze, something about those eyes makes my heart melt.
"Because," I reply, with a simple shrug of my shoulders.
"Is there something you're hiding?" he asks, inching closer to me.
Everyone has the dream of becoming the next big thing in the music industry. Who wouldn't dream about being able to tour the world, meet other famous people! Though the most common issue is that period of waiting, waiting for someone to discover you exist in the big world.
That problem doesn't apply to Riley at all! When Lucy, her best friend pressures her into uploading a video of her singing, it goes completely viral overnight, which leaves the world with one last question.
Who is the singer behind the mask and when is she going to upload another song? As she gains a high popularity and starts to be noticed by other celebrities, she has two options, hide behind her mask or reveal her identity.
But when you hide behind a fake mask, you begin to lose the person you were to begin with. Will Riley lose herself for popularity and fame?

December 11. (Hétfő)
Szokásos reggel. Sam az ajtómon dörömböl, mondván: Keljek fel, mert elkésünk. Komótos léptekkel kelek fel ágyamból és veszem fel köntösöm, ami a székem támláján lóg. Ajtómhoz csoszogok és kinyitom.
- Ébresztő. - kiáltott fel, mikor már a lépcső aljánál járhatott. Sóhajtottam egyet, majd visszakuckóztam a szobám rejtekébe. Az ajtónak támasztottam hátam és körbe néztem szobámban. Félhomály uralkodott a helységben, mivel a redőny nem volt teljesen leengedve. Odaléptem az erkélyajtómhoz és felhúztam a fényt visszafojtó szerkezetet. Hunyorítva néztem ki az ablakon, miszerint leesett a hó. Sóhajtva vettem irányba a fürdőmet. A fehérre mázolt ajtón beléptem és kezdetét vettem a reggeli készülődésnek. 
Gyors tusolás után, ismét magamra kaptam köntösöm. A csaphoz léptem és ellenőriztem reggeli kinézetem. Hajam mosását jelenleg kihagytam, így kiengedtem szőke tincseim a laza kontyból. A szőke loboncom hátam közepét verdeste, miközben fésültem. Amint végeztem, felfogtam egy szoros copfba, majd visszamentem szobámba. Szekrényemből előhalásztam egy fekete nadrágot és egy fehér kötött pulcsit. Miután megbizonyosodtam arról, hogy nem fogok ebben fázni a kabát alatt, fogtam magam és lementem a konyhába, ahonnan kellemes illatok szálltak ki. 
- Jó reggelt. - köszöntem bátyámnak, aki kiskötényben sertepertélt a tűzhelynél. - Anyuék? - néztem körbe, miszerint senki sincs itthon, csak én és a bátyám. 
- Dolgozni mentek. - fordult felém és tökéletesen beállított szőke hajába túrt. - Kész a reggeli. - tette elém a még gőzölgő palacsintát. Elmotyogtam egy „köszönöm" - félét, majd reggelimhez láttam. 
- Megint zörögtél az ajtómban, holott még te sem vagy kész. - ráncoltam szemöldököm, miközben jobban szemügyre vettem bátyámat. Szürke melegítő lógott lazán csípőjén és fehér trikó fedte tökéletesen kidolgozott felsőtestét. Igen. Büszke lehetek bátyámra, mivel Ő az egyik leghelyesebb fiú a suliban. Nincs is rá panaszom. Ahhoz képest, hogy néha megöljük egymást (ami gyakori nálunk), véd engem, mintha a saját gyereke lennék. Mindössze csak két év korkülönbség van kettőnk között. Míg én 16, Ő már 18 éves. 
- Mindössze azért, mert rád kell mindig, hogy várjak. - fonta keresztbe kezét mellkasa előtt. 
- Bocs, hogy lány vagyok. - duruzsoltam a lehető leghalkabban és bekaptam egy falatot a palacsintából. - Nem lett rossz. 
- Tudom. - vigyorodott el, miközben kávéját szürcsölte. 
- Megyek, készülök. - magyaráztam és nyomtam arcára egy puszit, majd felszaladtam a lépcsőn, egyenesen a szobámba. Felkaptam magamra a kiválasztott darabokat, majd visszaléptem a fürdőbe, hogy embert varázsoljak magamból. Arcom ismét megmostam, majd vékony réteg alapozó felvitele után, húztam egy tusvonalat. Szempilláim kifestettem, majd ajkaimra egy balzsamot helyeztem fel. Táskám felkaptam a székemről, majd telefonomat zsebembe csúsztatva, ismételten lerobogtam a lépcsőn. 
- Csoda történt. - csapta össze tenyereit Sam. - Időben elkészült Kayla Morgen. 
- Bunkó. - csaptam tarkón, majd felkaptam fekete kabátom és a barna csizmám. Fejemre kaptam a szőrös végű kapucnim. 
- Mehetünk? - kapta fel Ő is táskáját és kocsi kulcsát. Bólintottam, jelezve: igen. Együtt léptünk ki a Minnesotai hidegbe. Lehetet kint legalább mínusz húsz fok is. Gyorsan a fekete Range Roverhez kocogtunk. 
- Hány órád lesz? - néztem a mellettem ülőre, aki tenyerét dörzsölte, hogy felmelegítse magát. 
- Elméletben hét. Neked? - fordult felém, miközben bepöccintette a járgányt. 
Hello,
 Thank you for taking a look at my story. It is my first novel that I have completed and my thanks go out to every single one of you who took time to read it. Without your support I know I wouldn't have ever finished, because I never finish my work. I tend to get distracted and move to another story. 
As always, this is my work so please do not steal it. I will have to hunt you down and that is, frankly, not something I want to spend time on. 
 Feel free to comment and let me know what you are thinking. I sincerely love the little peeks into the readers mind. Thank you again and have a wonderful experience :) Tootles.
~L

Mom:ClaireDad:Calvin 46Brothers:Carlos:17Carter:17Collin:16Chance:15Cameron:14Caleb:14Races:Italian and spanishHouse:
Favorite color:neon pinkStyle:girlyEye color:hazelHair color:brunetteFavorite fast food:pizzaFavorite dessert:ice creamFavorite fruit:watermelonFavorite veggie:cucumberBest friend:Tracy twailSchool: Riverflow high home of the Sharks
Chapter 1- Things Had Changed Here 
I woke up by my alarm clock and  yawned. I sat up and realized it was the first day of school. I rubbed my eyes and went out of bed. I did some stretching and did all those girly routines I do everyday.
I changed into my grey never mind cropped top, some high waisted shorts, and my white low-cut converse. You see, I may have girly outfits, but I never put make when I'm in school or anywhere else. I'm not fond into make up. 
I went down to the kitchen, got a granola bar and texted Ciara. Ciara Kingston. That psychotic girl.
Hey girl:)
My phone beeped,
I rolled my eyes and closed my phone. I went up, brushed my teeth, grabbed my black handbag, and got my car keys to my Subaru car. 
Once I arrived at school, I parked my car in my usual spot. You see, there's always a parking space for me when I arrive. When people park in my space, they tell the person who parks there and park in another place. It's so different in my school. 
I went out of my car and walked inside the school. Do you even feel like every time you walk to school, there's a way for you and the students there just stare at you? Well, that's how I feel everytime I walk in.
While I was walking, I met Ciara at my locker. We both see each other at my locker like when we hangout after school or before school, go to lunch together, etc.  I've been totally used to it since she wants me to bring her home-not her mom. She's got a thing about her mom bring her to school and bring her home. 
"Hey Ciara," I yelled her and she greeted me back with a nod. Nice friend. Really. I've met her 3 years ago when she bumped into me.
~ Flashback ~
I was walking down to get a starbucks drink because I was thirsty. After getting my drink, I realized I bumped someone and her hot cocoa spilled all over me. 
"Oh my goodness! I am so sorry! I didn't see you there!" she screeched.
"No it was my fault. I have to get this cleaned up," motioning my shirt.
"Let me help you," she grabbed my hand and went to the ladies room.
While she was helping me get cleaned, she asked me where I studied.
"Oh my goodness! Seroiusly?! I study there!" she said excitedly. "Really? Well, I'm new here in L.A. Is the school alright?" I questioned to be sure.
"Yup! Totally safe," we kept talking and talking until we became closer. 
"By the way, I'm Ciara Kingston," I smiled, "And I'm Heather Maddison," we both giggled.
~ End of Flashback ~
Since I studied here in California International, I became popular on the first day of school. When I became popular, Ciara followed my lead and she became popular too. I guess we became popular because-nah I don't know how we became popular, but that doesn't mean that I have to treat other people bad. Things had change here because there were more nerds, jocks, geeks, sluts- not that I'm saying I am one.
"Did you hear that there are 2 hotties here? Oh mother of corns!" she sighed and closed her eyes. I rolled my eyes and chuckled.
We started  going to class together and I was walking backwards. "So who are these 2 'hotties'?" note the sarcasm. 
"Well, best friend, Zach Hartford, 6"1, brown hair, pants, jordans, black leather jacket, grey shirt and totally see his abs-yum."
"How do you know he has abs? Hmm?," I didn't trust her because she probably didn't even meet guys yet.
"Well, you can see it! Anyways, next guy. 6'2, black hair, black leather jacket, pants, jordans, white shirt. And trust me, they both look like models." 
"Sure, I hope they do look like mode-"  I bumped into someone again making all my books and papers inside the books falling. I landed on a hard chest and knew I fell on top of him. I quickly got up wincing in pain.
"Ouch, my head hurts," grabbing my books and papers while holding my head.
"I am so sorry," the person said while picking up the books and papers. 
"No it was my fau-," I stopped because he was WOW. Ciara whispered next to me, "that's Aiden Knight, your 'knight in shinning armor'" she said jokingly. 
xxx
Hey guys! This is my FIRST time to write and make my FIRST book here in Wattpad. Hope you like it, TOODLES!
Chelsea took a deep sigh as she continued busting the tables in front of her. Their family's diner is experiencing financial troubles and unpaid extra hands are of great help in the present.
"Chels, you okay?", Robby, her older brother of three years asked her. The hands that he usually uses in writing are now busy washing plates and slicing vegetables. But atleast, Robby will be saying goodbye to the diner in two weeks time. He'll be back in college to pursue a degree in creative writing.
She nodded her head and smiled. "As great as ever, Rob" she lied. She is dead tired of working from 7 am to midnight for the past weeks, but what can she do? It's either she helps or this diner, which her parents have worked so hard for during the last two decades, will eventually close. No diner means that they have to sell their house and selling their house means they have to go to a new state, which is definitely a big no no since it's senior year.
"I know it's kinda difficult Chels, but things will eventually get better. As the saying goes, "The only permanent-"
"Thing on earth is change", she cut him off and laughed. " When did you ever become an optimist, Robby? I thought you're all into this Nietzche thing?" She asked with half sarcasm and half joking. 
Robby pouted his lips, but quickly smiled. " And when did the dumb blonde myth ever get busted by you, Chels?" He asked back with the same tone of sarcasm and joking.
They looked at each other and laughed. Among all her siblings, Chelsea is closest to Rob, partially because of their age. She has two older brothers aside from him, Kevin, 28, married and in the military and Ethan, 31, who is a banker in the big apple. Ethan, though making lots of cash, couldn't help them much since his youngest daughter is in dire need of medications due to leukemia. 
Their sibling chat was interrupted by the loud swinging of the door and the roaring laughters that followed. 
Chelsea felt irritated when she recognized the group of teenagers approaching a table. It was Wilson with his friends and of course, his new girlfriend.
It seems as if Wilson forgot that her family owns the diner where he used to wait for her. Although Robby knows, her parents were not aware that she used to date the Vanheusen boy as they call Wilson. Not that there was a problem but dating the mayor's son is not exactly what Jonathan Hammond would ever dream for his only daughter to do. The Vanheusens do not have the nicest reputation in their town.
She felt Robby nudged her on the side. He wiped his hands on the apron tied around his waist, got the pen and paper from her and approached the group of teenagers just sitting few meters across her.
Chelsea watched as Wilson's face got swept with surprise when Robby started asking for their orders. He offered his hand to her brother which Robby respectfully accepted. Then Wilson's gaze moved towards her and the smile which was confidently lying on his lips quickly melted away.
Guilty as ever, she whispered to herself and continued busting the table infront of her. She chewed on the insides of her cheek and ignored another pair of eyes that are on her.
"Who's the girl?"
Chelsea was surprised that she didn't notice Robby standing beside her. He must have already handed the orders to Manuel, the cook, for he was back to the counter grabbing plates to wash.
"Nina Greene".
"She's new? She's smoking hot."
Chelsea irritatedly sighed. "And a bitch I must add", she said and looked at the girl who had enough guts to steal away Wilson from her.
Honestly at the beginning, Chelsea has found Nina to be quite non threatening. It is true that the Nina Greene can be intimidating given her lineage and family background. She is the daughter of the now divorced socialite Katharine Aoki and well known author Nathan Greene. Given the fact that Nina is stunning in her own rights with the mix of Asian and European blood, Chelsea assumed that being educated in an exclusive private Catholic institution and being homeschooled for the most part of her life, the girl is pretty much sheltered and thus naive of petty things that girls her age in public schools are busy of. 
She was proven wrong.
Nina, just like any other senior girls, is always lurking on another girl's back waiting for the right time to steal her boyfriend.
Chelsea laughed bitterly at the thought. Who would have ever thought that the porcelain skinned, slender girl with jet black straight hair, who speaks eloquently and had a fine education in her hand would turn out to be a slut afterall?
She decided to shrug the idea off her head as she noticed Manuel coming over to serve their customers with the orders. It's been almost three months. Yes, she was hurt and insulted, but Chelsea Hammond is better than that.
*This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and other events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. *
Please do not copy any part of my work, as I have worked hard to come up with something and I wish for my readers to respect that. If you do copy it even in the slightest possible way without giving me credit and getting my permission, I will find you and I will kill you. *smiles like a clown* 
Plagiarism isn't worth getting into trouble for.
There will be swearing so...
enjoy~
THERE ARE PLOT HOLES IN THIS. IT HAS NOT BEEN REVISED. I KNOW, THERE ARE MISTAKES. I AM NOT OBLIVIOUS TO THEM. UNDERSTAND THAT AS A BEGINNER IN WRITING, I LIKE FEEDBACK AND HELPFUL CRITICISM. HOWEVER, I DON'T LIKE CONSTANT COMMENTS TELLING ME ABOUT THE MISTAKES. I KNOW. PLEASE, STOP. IT IS GETTING SO ANNOYING THAT I AM SO CLOSE TO JUST TAKING THIS DAMN BOOK DOWN ALTOGETHER BECAUSE OBVIOUSLY IF NO ONE CARES ENOUGH TO COMMENT GOOD FEEDBACK OR HELPFUL CRITICISM AND DECIDES TO PUT THEIR TWO-SENSE INTO IT BECAUSE THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY A CERTAIN CHARACTER ACTS A CERTAIN WAY THEN THERE'S NO FRUGGIN POINT IN A STORY THAT ONLY RECEIVES HATEFUL CRITICISM AND ANGRY VIEWERS!   
DON'T LIKE IT.... GET OUT OF THE FRUGGIN STORY AND FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO READ BECAUSE MY PATIENCE IS SLOWLY WEARING THIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(FOR THE CHAPTERS THAT SAY 'REVISED/EDITED' AT THE TOP KEEP IN MIND IT ISN'T PROFESSIONALLY EDITED OR REVISED. AS I AM NOT A PROFESSIONAL AT THIS. I DID MY BEST.) 
E D I T A D O
Sábado, 5 AM.
-Más rapido - susurro Jake. La luz del cielo estaba de un color azul marino, el amanecer estaba cerca.
-Hago lo que puedo,  el cuerpo está pesado -grite entre susurros, y era cierto. El cuerpo era tan jodidamente pesado.
-Shhh - Me reprocho. Le saque la lengua y el blanqueo los ojos.  La brisa golpeo contra nosotros provocando que los mechones sueltos de Jake cayeran sobre su frente tapando sus hermosos ojos marrones. El idiota era un cabeza mas alta que yo, por lo que debía ponerme en puntitas de pies para alcanzar sus mentón. Pero el cuerpo que cargábamos no solo era mucho mas alto que Jake y yo, si no mucho mas pesado.
Jake emitió algo parecido a un bufido-gruñido irritado cuando le saque la lengua por cuarta vez en la noche.-Que maduro O'Connell -Susurre
- ¡Cállate! - Apenas pudo articular.
-A mi nadie me calla, idiota-
-Que cierres el pico.
- ¿Me acabas de decir que cierre el pico, idiota?- la mirada que me lanzo Oconnell era capaz de enterrarme viva, pero en ves de eso, me arranco una risita. Aun enojado, sus orejas rojas, mejillas y nariz pintadas de un tono carmesí debido al frio que decía sentir, lo hacían verse inocente, adorable..., tímido. Y eso me gustaba. -El mismo chico que cada mañana me dice lo mucho que me ama me acaba de decir que cierre el pico... -Lo mire perpleja- ¿Este es tu lado malo?..., porque, nene, me encanta. El sonrió y se las arreglo para, aun con el cuerpo que llevábamos, nalgarme el trasero, pegue un grito que lo hizo reír,  mostrando esos dientes que tanto me gustaban.
-¡¿Por que hiciste eso?!
-Por que puedo y quiero... -Me guiño un ojo-Ademas, Campbell, -Dijo aun sonriendo-... no quieres que me ponga malo... No te conviene.- Mi sonrisa se extendió,  me encantaba el coqueteo innecesario  entre nosotros. 
Como pudimos, arrojamos el cuerpo en el maletero.Ambos nos subimos al auto y Jake lo puso en marcha. De pronto caí en la cuenta de lo que habíamos hecho, de lo que hacíamos. 
-... Mierda - lo mire, el también parecía perplejo- ¿ahora que hacemos? - El se encogió de hombros, mirando la carretera, -dentro de poco amanecerá, ¿que hacemos con el?... soltarlo no es una opción, puede abrir la boca y sería nuestro fin, este culo no aguantará la prisión- comencé a decir. - Puede aparentar ser fuerte, pero una cosa es que lo sea. Y mi culo no aguantara la prisión.
-¡Déjame pensar Hope!-Golpeó el volante con sus manos - esto fue un error, todo fue un error - susurro - Un jodido error, jamás debí aceptar.- lo mire -Y tu culo aguanta cualquier cosa, nena. Ese ahora no es el mayor problema.
-Gracias... -Sonreí. -... ¿A que te refieres... con "Jamás debí aceptar"?
Abrio los ojos sorprendido, entonces supe que lo había pillado en algo. -Nada nada,- consiguió decir rápidamente- sólo pasó..., estamos borrachos, Hope -No te una pizca de inseguridad en si voz - sólo... Tal vez sólo nos excedimos un... Un poco - cabeceó afirmando. Paro en semáforo rojo.
-¿¡Un poco?! - Le pregunté furiosa, repentinamente mareada, enojada, frustrada - Lo golpeaste en la cabeza.... ¡Con el mármol de la tina! ¿¡Como sabes que no está desangrandose!? ... ¡Y lo peor es que nos vio!... ¡Mierda nos vio!
-Tranquila - me dijo asustado - todo tiene solución - Trato de sonar despreocupado, pero el era un pésimo actor. -No es para tanto...-  Lo mire perpleja. 
- Eres un...- golpee mi cabeza suavemente contra la radio. -Idiota. 
A pesar de mis insultos, el ni siquiera se inmuto. Me fije unos segundos mas en su perfecto rostro antes de mirar hacia la parte trasera de la camioneta de Jake. 
- ¿A donde llevaremos a...?- Apunte hacia el baúl- ya sabes.
El lo medito unos segundo mientras pisaba el acelerador y giraba en una curva. Distinguí las mansiones, los letreros de publicidad, la pista de Skate, la plaza. Estábamos tan cerca de...
- Tu casa, en tu sotano- No pude evitar soltar una carcajada. Pero todo rastro de sonrisa se esfumo de mi cara al verlo serio. Arranco y siguió avanzando a no menos de 40 Kilometros por hora.
- ¡¿Estás de broma?! - Lo golpee - no puede quedarse en el sótano de mi casa, jodido loco. - murmure lo ultimo.
- Simplemente es hasta que ... Hablemos con el -dijo jodidamente lento-... hay que asegurarnos de que no hable - miró fijo la carretera con la expresión en blanco.
-Necesitamos una distracción - Dije con fingida convicción mientras mordía nerviosa mis labios - Tal vez si hay algo nuevo en el pueblo..., no notaran que falta...eso- Le dirigí una significativa mirada a el baúl.
- ¿Y tienes un circo en la manga o que?- Me miro con esa sonrisa sexy, propia de el. Por segundos estuve tentada a mordérselos, pero cuando la imagen de un señor adulto de cabellera castaña, ojos celeste y un traje negro paso por mi mente, solo pude susurrar una pequeña frase atemorizada. -Mi padre me matara - Jake pego un salto y me miro con los ojos iluminados.
- Mi padre... - hizo una pausa pensando - nuestros padres... - sonrió -Tu muerte... - La sonrisa de Jake se volvio aun mas amplia,(Como si mi muerte fuera la cosa mas maravillosa del mundo). Si no estuvieramos en este caso (El cual involucra el secuestro de alguien, el robo del mayor bebe de papa y la desaparición de Dope) Me habría lanzado hacia el como un depredador en celo. Es que, si todavía no lo he dicho, Jake es Jodidamente sexy.- Hope Campbell, te declaró la guerra - lo mire fijo. Trate de leer entre líneas, pero no conseguía obtener el mensaje subliminal (Si es que lo había). ¿Con que mierda venia ahora?
-¿Que? - Alce mis cejas.
- Sólo Piénsalo, tu, yo, en guerra... La mejor... - Abri mi boca para gritar.
-¡...Distracción! - complete cerrando de golpe la boca, mi novio era un maldito genio -... ¿ya te dije que te amo? - Sonrió.
- ¿Quien no? - Una codazo fue a parar directo a sus lindos pectorales. Ese egocéntrico tiene que ser amaestrado. -¿Por que hiciste eso? - Dijo sin aliento.
- Por que te amo - La sonrisa más falsa tiñó mi rostro antes de que el me devolviera el codazo. -Auch - Me sobresalto mirándolo sorprendida. - Estas muerto O'Connell.Ya estaba decidido. Debíamos ocultar todos los errores de este sábado, en principal, el error del baul, y no hay mejor forma que con una guerra entre las familias más respetadas de la cuidad, Una guerra entre la familia Campbell y la familia O'connell. 
- Esto es la guerra, Naughty .- Luego solo comencé a golpearlo. El auto se estacionó.  Todo dio vueltas mientras me colocaba arriba suyo y el me sujetaba de las caderas atrayendome  aun mas a su cuerpo. 
Los vidrios se empañaron. 
Nuestras lenguas se devoraban con una deliciosa rapidez y los golpes se habían vuelto una mini guerra de lenguas entre los dos. Todo comienza con una Guerra de Lenguas.♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡Luego de un sábado totalmente alocado, los locos, bipolares, agresivos, torpes amantes secretos y vecinos en guerra se ven obligados a estallar la mayor guerra de bromas en el vecindario, ganar el concurso a la mejor familia, competir por el mejor promedio físico e intelectual del instituto, ocultar a un testigo, dar caza a unos idiotas y sobrevivir a los problemas del noviazgo adolescente. Sin darse cuenta ambos se ven metidos en una batalla antigua, donde sus dos familias se odian mutuamente. Sin duda algo esta por comenzar y esta ves el amor no será un obstáculo, sin duda a estas familias solo le importa ganar.
Entonces; ¿Podra el amor entrar clandestinamente en estas dos familia tan diferentemente parecidos?, ¿Cómo se las apañara Hope Campbell para no caer rendida antes los hermosos ojos de Jake Oconnell? ¿Jake podrá dejar de lado su orgullo y amar a esta chica que en secreto lo vuelve torpemente adorable?
¿Cambiar?, ¿los Campbell y los Oconnell amistados?
 ¡No, es una imposibilidad hederitaria y genética!
¡La guerra entre las familias O'connell y Campbell comienza!_________________________
#FranBaraAwards
¡ESPERO QUE LA DISFRUTEN TANTO LEYENDOLA COMO YO ESCRIBIENDOLA!
                                                                                                                               -S T E P H
To New and Returning Readers: This note was written on March 15th, 2016, during what I call "The JTH Reconstruction Era," which was when I had to completely reformat the story to account for Wattpad's 200 story part limit. To post this letter to my readers I deleted the chapter that was here, which was titled "Quick Information," and covered about the same information.
Hey everybody,
It's Emma here (some of you may already know me) and this is the first story I posted on this account. At the time of the posting of this story, I was still using my first account on Wattpad, emmernemmer. My friend, Shilo, and I were talking about cowriting a story together and she had happened to have this empty account lying around so she gave me the password. 
She decided to anonymously post a collection of poetry and I posted JTH, mostly just to have something up while we figured out the story. My main project at the time was my story "Broken Record" (which is still posted on emmernemmer) but died out after twelve chapters, not long after the story I was planning with Shilo died. 
However, JTH didn't die out. I actually really enjoyed writing about these two crazy kids I had created (I'm still calling them crazy kids even though as I'm writing this I'm also writing the point of the story where they're 30) and for some reason people liked reading it (I still don't get why).
The story was originally posted on March 1st, 2015 and will end on June 16, 2016. It's been over a year since this story was posted and it's been a wild ride. On January 4th, 2016, JTH was put on the Teen Fiction featured list and it reached 1M reads on March 6th.
Anyway, that's sort of the simplified history of this story so far. The real purpose of this note it to explain how this story works. I'm sure all of you are more than capable of figuring this out but I like to explain so if someone is confused, they have this note to explain it to them.
So let's get this show on the road. This story alternates between description chapters (they are "written" by either Julie or Eli) and dialogue chapters. In the old format, an update (which would take place, and still takes place, on every Thursday and Sunday) would consist of a chapter with the description section and a separate chapter with the dialogue. But to meet the story part limit, an update will now consist of the posting of one chapter with both the description and dialogue sections. They will be separated by a graphic (made for me by the wonderful ) and the title of each part will consist of the titles of both sections (I suggest to returning readers that they check this new format out, it's pretty cool).
When reading the dialogue chapters, I know it can sometimes be hard to tell who is speaking. So I made this little guide for everyone: Julie's dialogue will always be unbolded, Eli's will always be bolded, and everyone else's will always be italicized. Most of the time if there is a third party speaking it will not be necessary to know who it is as it's just a nameless character. But if who the person is is important, I'll make sure you know who it is.
This story will cover the characters' relationship over 23 years (now you're getting why it's been a year but I'm not done yet), from when they're in 7th grade to Julie's 35th birthday party. The prologue you're about to read (after my lovely playlist) is Julie and Eli in high school, but the chapter after that is them in 7th grade, because it's a prologue and doesn't have to be in chronological order (I'm powerful like that).
Hope you all enjoy!
Emma
P.S. The YouTube video above is the trailer for this story, made for me by the lovely . This chapter is dedicated to her joint account bamboozling.
“Mia Snyder?” my English teacher called out, his eyes swept around the room. I slowly raised my hand and peeked through my thick glasses. “Here” it was barely above whisper but it was the best I could do.
Besides, I was right in front of him, I’m sure he could see me.
“Guess she’s not here.” the teacher muttered to himself and then proceeded to cross my name of. My eyes widened and I was about to speak but then the teacher began his lesson so I kept my mouth shut.
Um, I guess I’ll tell him after class then…
I silently paid attention, taking all the notes on the board. The teacher asked a question, I knew all the answers but I was too shy to answer. I hate being in the spotlight, I would get nervous and flustered, my mind would go blank and I would end up stuttering like a babbling fool.
I learned a long time ago to just keep quiet, it’s better that way.
English class finished, ever so slowly I packed my books in my bag. The other student already left, leaving me and the teacher. Walking up to his desk, my head bent low and eyes down casted I tried to capture his attention.
“Sir” it sounded like a squeak, so I cleared my throat and started again, a little bit louder this time. “Sir” ok that just sounded like another squeak, but just louder. At least it got the teacher’s attention “Oh Mia, I didn’t see you there.” he jumped a little, “Here, these are the notes from today-” he then started to gather some sheets that he already gave me.
“N-no, w-wait sir” I placed my hand out to tell him to stop but he just put the sheets in my hand instead. “Now these are for homework, I’m sure if you go over these notes, you will be able to do them.” He smiled at me and then waved me off.
My mouth was opened throughout the whole time, but nothing came out so I just nodded and left the classroom with a cross on my attendance.
That’s never happened before.
Okay I lied; it’s happened many times because I could never speak up in front of the class and say that I was here. I just couldn’t do it; I guess I’ll be telling my mum again to clear up another misunderstanding. I sighed and began walking to the library, since it was lunch time, the only place a nerdy outsider like me can go…is the library.
I kept my head down and avoided all students who were walking the opposite way towards the cafeteria. Abruptly stopping in my tracks, I quickly hid behind a corner to let the high school heartthrobs bypass.
Noah Chapman and Cole Blackburn…
Those guys are the most popular students in this school, who knows maybe even surrounding schools. Girls worship the floor they walk, every single one of them wants to be their girlfriends. The guys hope to be their friends just to get into some of their parties or be the rebound guy to the girls that they dumped.
Flattening myself against the corner, I let pass half the school’s students who followed behind them like lost puppies. It’s move or be moved, I’d rather step aside then be pushed over and stepped on, I learned that from experience.
If you haven’t figured it by now, they are obviously players with their sinfully good looks but each with a different persona. It makes you wonder how they even became best friends since they were complete opposites.
Noah is the golden boy, typical blonde hair with blue eyes. Definitely has the right kind of charm to woo any female, old, young you name it. And some saw that he even can woo guys but he’s straight much to the disappointment of the gays. He’s more outgoing and friendly then Cole, but does have that inner dark side if you push him too far.
Cole is the bad boy, black hair with grey eyes. Both were big built but you could see that Cole works out more since he does get into a lot of fights, but Noah is always there to back him up if needed. Cole is more of a silent type most of the time but when he talks and put on his own kind of charm, by God I swear all the girls moan at the sound.
Me included, but I know my limits unlike those desperate girls trailing behind them. All wearing something too short or too low but there are some ambitious nerds who are trying to grab their attentions. I guess they think they have a chance ever since Noah decided to talk to one of the nerds in his class, then suddenly all nerd thought they had a chance.
Not I though, because I know someone like me would never get any guy close to Noah or Cole. My pathetic brown hair always stuck in a bun and dull brown eyes that could bore a person to sleep. My body covered with layers upon layers of baggy clothes because I don’t like to show anything.
 Yeah…a girl like me will never get a guy like them and so, I turned on my heels and went the long way to the library, ignoring that itching sensation that feels like someone’s watching me…
*****
so this is my new story *nervously laughs, and shyly rocks on my heels*hope you guys like it :) 
   By the way, English isn't my first language. In this case, I'm very sorry if you don't this makes it a bit hard to read. I do intend to get better, I do try. :)

Thanks, and by the way I'm kind of updating/rewriting it. So yes, beware it's awful at first.
"Mom. Mom! Mom!!!" I screamed as I ran down the hall, my voice growing louder with every step. I ran for my life, literally, because my older brother was hot on my heels, his dirty socks clenched in one fist. One whiff of that and I would be a goner.
"Mom!" I gasped out as I ran into the kitchen counter separating the dining room from the kitchen area. I slapped my hands down on the cool surface, struggling to catch my breath.
My mother made a tsking sound of disapproval. "Melinda." I knew then my mother was not amused. After years of fighting it, she, like everyone else, usually called me Lindy. Except for when she was mad.
"Mom, he's teasing me again."
"Lindy," my mother sighed, rubbing her forehead like she did when she was stressed. "Can you please try to get along with your brother?"
"But Mom...," I started to protest, but she ignored me, turning to my brother, Grady, instead. "Have you heard anything?"
Grady shook his head, a bewildered expression on his face. "No." He leaned against the table, his elbow thrusting forward. My brother was double-jointed and I knew it, but it still made me feel a little queasy when he leaned on his arms and they looked obviously broken in response.
"When would I have heard from them? You've been waiting by the phone."
"I haven't been waiting...," my mother corrected him. "But it is a very important audition. From what I understand, that man has big ideas. And connections. If you could get this...." Reaching over the counter, my mother brushed some of Grady's blond hair out of his eyes.
She let her words linger in the air and I felt the heavy importance of it. If you can get this.... I couldn't count the number of times we had heard it throughout our lives. For a moment, I felt sorry for Grady. Then I happened to glance at the socks he held clutched against the cabinet in one hand and my pity quickly disintegrated.
"I know, Mom," Grady said, all seriousness now. He nodded gravely, shaking loose the hair my mother had just tried to tame. "I thought we had it."
"Uh, uh, uh," Mom said, shaking her head. "We do not think negatively in this house. We are going to think positively about this. You haven't not gotten it until we hear it from them."
"What is it, anyway?" I asked as I climbed onto one of the tall kitchen stools. I was definitely the shortest one in the family, the anomaly. Grady easily swung one long leg over the stool and plopped down next to me.
"Just an audition," Mom said, pressing her lips into a thin line. I knew then it was definitely a big deal. There was something she wasn't mentioning. I glanced at Grady and he met my gaze. His clear gray eyes looked troubled.
Me and Grady had been extremely close until a couple of years ago. It had been me and him against our mother, the ultimate stage mom. But then, as Grady's work picked up and mine fell short, the pressure on him had intensified and he had changed. His usual easy going, carefree nature became tenser, more stressed. He distanced himself from me, focused on work, and we grew apart. Gradually, Grady became the sun, the center of the universe in the Madison household, and me and Dad were left to fend for ourselves.
But one thing had remained from our years of companionship. We had developed, as children, the ability to read each others expressions, to tell what the other was thinking by the look on their face. It had been our primary defense against our mother. It was an ability much harder to lose than our friendship.
And right now I could tell that Grady was only slightly less clueless than I was. He doesn't know what's going on either, I realized. Looking back, I know now that it was then I first felt the sick feeling in my stomach.
****Please remember to vote if you enjoyed this section of The Rockstar Chronicles. It means a lot to me to get your feedback!****

"Are you willing to go for 40?" Blake questioned with a smirk on his face causing my blood to boil but forcing myself to think of the good side.
"20?" Just ignore him Emily, he is just trying to mess with you, ignore him
"10?" I looked at the teacher hoping he will help me but his asleep, just great.
"5?" I got up pushing my chair back as it falls to the floor with a loud bang causing heads to turn to us, I grabbed my book and aimed it at his head. But as I don't have any skills in chucking it ended up hitting the teacher
Great now I just hit a teacher over the head with a massive Science book.
~.~.~
Emily Miller, brown hair, blue eyes and a personality that can make any guys heart flutter.
Jacob Matthews, brown hair, green eyes and looks that can make any girl fall for him.
What happens when Jacob's and Emily's worlds crash together, he finds out that not only shes got a heart that is to die for but she is the whole package.
But his friends seem's to feel the same as they became really protective over Emily, its either he changes his ways for a girl he cares for or let his 'player best friends get her'
but he soon finds out that she has anger problems, serious anger problems so if someone gets on the wrong side of her they are dead.
Will Jacob be on the bad side of her?
                                             PROLOGUE ▼
       “C’mon Egypt. We don’t want to be late for the bus,” my mom called from downstairs. This is the most I’ve seen her stressed in my entire life. My dad left us with no income coming whatsoever. We relied on him completely for money, and now my mom was broke. We was broke.
      “Ma, please don’t make us go. All my friends live in Riverdale,” I pleaded. I knew it was too late to try to change her mind, but I didn’t want to leave. I didn’t know anything about California, and of all places, my mom wanted to move to Compton? It was like a drama-hood film.
       “This ain’t up for discussion, Egypt. You know we need this money. You know we poor. We can’t afford to stay up here.” My mom grabbed my suitcases and stepped out of the door. So this was it. We’re going to Compton. No more Riverdale.
       I looked at my house one more good time. I sighed deeply, and my throat got hot. I felt like I was going to cry. This was my dad’s fault. If he didn’t leave us, we wouldn’t have to move. I could’ve stayed here with Stacia, Maddilyn, and Vicki. Now we have to go live in Compton, ghetto capital of the U.S.A.
       The wheels of my suitcase on the concrete ground made me even more mad. “Don’t look so down, E. You can make all new friends. Look on the brightside.” My mom smiled brightly, missing a few teeth is the back of her mouth. I flashed a fake smile, trying to suck the lonely tear rolling down my cheek back in. The Greyhound bus pulled to the curb. I braced myself for the 29-hour trip to Compton.
▼ ▼ ▼
       “Wake up girl, we’re here.” My mom shook me softly. I woke up to see a line of off-white houses down a block. There were pit-bulls chained to a pole and guys aging from 18 to 20 sitting outside of the house.
      I stepped off the bus to sit in front of my new house. The paint was chipped, the grass was dead, and the porch looked like it was struggling to stay together. I stepped on the steps and they creaked. This ain’t got nothing on Riverdale. I hated it already.
       My mom opened the door, and the stench of cigarette smoke filled the entire house. Our furniture was already there, looking raggedy as well. There was only two small bedrooms. This house screamed ‘government funded’. “How do you like it?” My mom asked with a smile. 
       “It’s alright,” I lied. I sat by the window and looked out of it. There was tons of black guys and girls out here, and maybe a few Hispanics. They looked like they actually enjoyed it out here. I don’t see how anyone would enjoy this place.
      I wanted to go back to Riverdale.
                                                  COPYRIGHT STATEMENT
All rights reserved. No part of this work may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. This book is a work of fiction, names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from the author.
(Or in simpler terms, copy this story in any way and I will cut you.)

P.S I'm rewriting and editing this story so I will post a chapter once its been edited. So bare with me! 




I wrapped my legs around waist, pressing my body closer. My arms snaked around his neck as he slipped his around my waist, pushing me hard against the wall. I bit his lips as his chest pressed against mine, making him smile against my lips,
"Like that, huh?" He smirked before pressing his lips against mine. He nibbled along my bottom lip and I eagerly opened my mouth. I moaned into his mouth as his taste exploded into my mouth. He suddenly grabbed my thighs, lifting me away from the wall and walking towards the bed, never once breaking the kiss.
He lay me down on the bed slowly lowering himself down on top of me, being careful to take his weight. His hands moved up from my thighs and slipped up my top, making my hips buck up slightly.
"Are you sure you want to?" Luke mumbled breathlessly.
"Mmmm" I responded, not wanting him to stop.
"I never expected you to be the friends with benefits type." Luke smirked, his breath blowing across my face, making the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
"People surprise you." I said trying to be seductive, but probably failing.
"Well I'm definitely about to surprise you." Luke whispered flirtily.
I raised my eyebrow at him,
"If we're going to do this, cut out the flirting."
"You love it really." But I didn't bother responding, I just crashed my lips against his.
AN: So this is my new story. I just had the idea and had to write it. I will finish my other story first so I won't be updating this for a while. 
Anyway, this is just a short introduction to set the scene. Comment if you like it and want me to continue. 
We had always been the best of friends.
Him and me.
We had been there for each other through everything-- failed exams, shitty auditions, bad hair days. We both preferred Triple H over The Undertaker. We both liked Doritos over Lays. We both liked dipping our Pringles (and any chip for that matter) in our glasses of Coke. We loved the same kind of music. We both loved star gazing and people watching. The list went on.
I'd help him solve a Math problem, and he'd help me with my guitar skills. I'd help him with an essay in English, and he'd help me with basketball. I'd help him write a song for a girl he's pining for at a particular moment, and he'd help me by treating me to Dairy Queen and buying me a box of ice cream sandwiches.
In short, we were each other's lifelines.
He'd seen me at my best-- all dolled up with curled hair, make up and wearing a fabulous dress. He'd also seen me at my worst-- hair tangled, unwashed face, smelling funky in my old oversized shirt with all its holes at the hem. I had also seen him at his best and worst. I had to say I pull both looks better (I swear to God).
We had always been the best of friends.
Him and me.
I had always known I loved him dearly as a friend. My best friend.
I had just never realized how much I was in love with him.
This is the story.
Our story.
The story of him and me.
*************************************************************************************************************
New story! This is based on a narrative I've done back in my college years. :) Hope I'll get readers! :D
Note (November 2, 2012): If you're looking for the boy-meets-girl-they-fell-in-love-and-kiss-and-do-"it"-after-one-week, then this story is NOT for you. Yes, there is love in this story, and romance, but above all it centers on friendship between two people. If you like the stories with hasty kind of relationships, then I'm sorry, but you'll find this one to be just not that. Still, you can read it and give it a chance, and if you don't like it, then you don't. If you do, then you are the most awesome, fabulous person on the planet :D
Much love to all! <3
I watched contently as my parents packed their bags. "B-but I don't even know who they are! They could be serial killers!" 
My mother laughed while my father let out a low chuckle. "Sweetheart," my mother started, "It'll only be for a couple of months. And besides, you get away from us. Isn't that what you wanted?" 
I felt the tears build up in my eyes. "I didn't want you and dad to leave on such short notice on a business trip half way across the globe!"
My mother came over to me and gave me a sad smile. She then wrapped her arms around me. "I'll miss you but we have to get going. Flight leaves in about two hours." And then she let go. 
Showing the love, mom.
"Aspen, I'll miss you, my dear. Goodbye." My father gave me a smile and a pat on the back. And with that, they took their bags and left through the door. 
They left me! They left me to go on some 'business trip' which was probably a cruise or something. They always do this. Leave me and do their own thing. It's like i don't exist. Did they even say 'I love you' before they left? No! Shows how much i mean to them.
They pity me. They left me in the dust to go stay at some unknown persons house. Like what if the person ties me up, rapes me, and gets me pregnant?! 
Thanks a lot for leaving me, mom and dad.
To them, i barely exist. When i was little, they used to leave a babysitter with me. And i would've been okay with that now. But apparently i was too old for a babysitter.
How old is too old?
And now, they had no choice but to send me off to some women named Carrie's house. She better have some children my age or i'm packing my bags.
~***~
"Hello, sweetheart! My name is Carrie. But obviously you should know that, right?" She gave me a big smile and set off to the drivers seat. I sat in the passenger seat, seeing as the back was occupied with things. 
Carrie started the car and sped off. "So tell me about yourself."
I looked out the window. Goodbye, New York. I'll miss you. "Oh uh, my name is Aspen and i'm 17. How about you?"
She didn't really look at me as she spoke but whatever. I played with my thumbs, acting like it was a phone. Yeah thats right, my parents don't trust me with a phone. And i'm 17! Can u say loner?
"Well, you already know my name, so let me tell you about my boys." 
No girls? Only boys? Mom, dad, come back for me!
"I have seven boys."
It seemed like time stopped when i glanced at her. Seven boys?! SEVEN BOYS!??? How do u even have that many children?! 
I sighed. Lets put on a show, shall we? "Wow!" 
And then she proceeded into telling me about them. Turns out:Charlie-21, oldest of them all.Sawyer-18 Mason-17Parker-15Corey & Carter-13Jason- 8
I was stunned. My bangs fell in front of my face but i didn't bother.
There was a comfortable silence around us. I brushed it off and looked out the window. Wow, in such a short amount of time, we managed to get from New York to New Jersey. 
It was gorgeous. The big apple, might not be so big after all. The city felt like a blanket surrounding me with all its dazzling features.
I liked it.
~***~
When we got out of the car, i noticed Carrie's outfit. It was a long dark purple belt coat, black skinny jeans, brown leather boots, and her hair was in a bun. She looked like a model. And then there was me: Black leather jacket, baby blue top, blue faded skinny jeans, and my old uggs. Tear tear, i look horrible right now compared to her.
Carrie took my bags for me and yanked me inside. The house was huge! It was gorgeous with amazing furniture! "Dear, lets go meet everyone shall we?" 
I felt a nice smile come up on my face. "Can't wait." I muttered not wanting the enthusiasm leave my words.
She walked towards a dark brown door. I followed behind. 
As she opened the door, i caught a whiff of masculinity. Like literally, i smelled Axe. I took in my surroundings and saw what was to be her sons. 
"Holy." I whispered. They were hot. Like get-in-my-pants hot. They all stared at me like i had three heads. A man came running towards me and held out his hand. "Hello Aspen! Welcome to to your home for the next couple of months! I'm Rick." I shook his hand. He has a wide hand and it held my hand firm.
"Thanks for having me." I spit out. I brushed the bangs out of my face as he let go of my hand. 
"Who are you?" a voice spoke. 
I turned my head and met a pair of gorgeous green eyes. They were beautiful, never have i seen before. 
I couldn't tear my eyes away from his. "Aspen. Uh Aspen Mayfield" But oddly enough, he tore his away first. He then sat down in one of the seats next to another guy. 
"Mason! You asked her for her name now give yours!" Carrie cried at to her son with a stern look on her face.
"Oh uh the names Mason. Don't wear it out." He muttered while taking his phone out and scanning eyes around around the screen. 
"Sawyer, go show Aspen her room. And be a gentleman and take her bags." Rick spoke loud and clear with a boom box of a voice. 
I saw another model get up and flash me an award winning smile. 
My thoughts: Wow. Hot.
✅gwapo✅mayaman✅mabait? oo minsan✅cassanova at higit sa lahat
✅PERVERT! MANYAK
nagsimula sa isang aksidenteng halik
natapos sa isang aksidenteng pag-iibigan
ANG BOYFRIEND KONG MANYAKwritten by: jhoneljoanemacapaz
============================
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places and incidents are product of author's imagination and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, places or person, living or dead is purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this story may be used or reproduced in any manner without the permission from the author.
Plagiarism is a crime.


Poème par Kylie Cibo
• Le Professeur •
Dont le cœur
Rime avec heure.
Dont l'amour
Rime avec cours.
Dont les yeux
Rime avec eux
Dont les lèvres
Rime avec livres
Dont le baiser
Rime avec secret
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ceci est ma première et unique (je pense) histoire d'amour sur le thème professeur-élève. J'espère qu'elle vous plaira autant qu'elle m'a plu à écrire et imaginer. Ce sont des chapitres plus ou moins courts. Je poste régulièrement sinon vous pouvez toujours lire les autres œuvres que j'ai posté ! ;)
I open my room door, planning on going downstairs to eat but I end up finding him.
'What are you doing sat on my door way' I ask him, wondering what the answer might be.
'You told me to go so I stayed' he replied I looked at him wondering if he is crazy or just stupid.
'You're kidding me right, you are unbelievable' I say as I roll my eyes at him.
'Thank you, got it after my dad' he said as he bites his lower lip.
'When's dinner going to be ready?' I ask him.
'You missed it' he says.
'You're kidding me, right' I say as I run my finger though my hair.
'No I am not' he adds.
'Why didnt you tell me' I asked him, deep down wanting to kill him.
'I don't know I didn't care' he says as he stands up.
'Fuck you' I swear at him, As I roll my eyes at him then punched his arm.
'Hey that hurts' he says following me downstairs.
'Yeah I know, but I don't care ass-hole' I tell him, as I continue walking.
The next day.
'Jackson, is anyone home' i asked hoping no one was there. All i wanted to was sit back and wear comforable clothes and watch series all day.
'Hey' said a familar voice, jackson.
'Your there, i was hoping you werent' i said as i turn back to the show, i was watching teen wolf.
'Well aint you glad i am' he joked as i rolled my eyes as he jumped on the couch sitting besides me.
'Hows your day' he asked, he wanted something, hes always nice when he wants something.
'What do you want' i asked as i cross my arms.
'Come on im being nice why does it have to mean i want something' he said.
'Are you going to say what you want or should i just ignore you the whole time and pretend your not there' i said as i look at him.
'Fine i need you to do me a favour' he said as i raised an eyebrow.
'What? What kinda of favour' i asked.
'To help me break up with this girl' he said.
'No god your an heartless jerk' i said.
'Im not use to saying this but please shes fucking annoying and all in my business' he said as i enjoy making him beg.
'Fine, give me your phone' i said as he hangs me his phone.
-his girlfriendHey babe im going to see you in 5 minutes
-meHey look im going to say this the nicest way possible, well there i go, me and jackson are in love and have been seeing each other for a while now
-his girlfriend Fucking asshole, i hope your both happy fuck you both, bye!
She said crying, and shouting. God that was rude i wouldnt want that to be me. To be one of his toys.
'Thanks' he said coming close to me.
'Why date them if you get bored of them' i asked.
'At first they all hot and freaky then after one month they think im their boyfriend and start get on my nerve so i end it with them' he said as i roll my eyes.
'Of course girls going to think your dating them were girls, and a hot guy like you would' he cut me off.
'You think im hot' he asked in cockly tone.
'In matter fact no i dont your a jerk' i said as he grabs my hand.
'You do dont you' he said as he bites his lower lip.
'Maybe' i said as hes hands travel around my waist.
'Jackson not again, jackson stop it'I ask,  trying to push him way but he's hands went to my face; he pulled me close and begins to kiss me. It felt amazing.
'Jackson!' I shout at him, but no luck getting him off me.
'I love the way you say my name' he says as he begins to move to my neck.
I am sorry but I didn't want to pull away, wow his lips were just wow. But I had to push him way it was wired. Yeah I had crush on him on 5th grade.
I pushed him away, but this time it worked. He backed off.
'What the hell' he says As I roll my eyes at him and push past him.
'Come on, you can't let me hanging there' he says I continue to walk, ignoring him.
~Been edited~
Hi, I redid this chapter. I didn't think it was at my standards (I guess that would be the right word), so....yeah. I hope you like this on, and don't woorry--the bad-boy is going to be in here. I mean it is Neighbors With The Bad-Boy! So, yeah, enjoj!
 Chapter 1
 My eyes were trained on Mike, and I inwardly sighed at how cute he was. His curly, blonde hair lied limply on his forehead, causing small winglets to brush his deep-green eyes, and a serious expression was glued to his imperfectly perfect face as he studied the test that sat on the desk before him.. Mike had always looked cute when he was concentrating, I inwardly sighed, and then quickly corrected my though, Hell, he always looked cute.
Suddenly, a grin spread across Mike's scarlet-red lips, and perking up his shoulders, he took his tan, masculine hand and circled an answer on his test sheet. I smiled happily, and a small giggle escaped my lips.
"Hush," my table partner, Alex, said and glared at me. "Some of us are trying to take a test, while you, on the other hand, are ogling Mike Jones." With one, last, penetrating glare radiating out of his deep brown eyes; he turned back to his test and began to circle answers.
I could feel my cheeks heating up from embarrassment, and I quickly apologized and resumed to work.
I wonder how Mike will respond to my love-confession tonight, I pondered, my pencil an inch away from circling my answer. Will he cower in disgust? Or, possibly, will the feelings be mutual?
The dismissal bell for third period filled my ears and I lye my writing utensil in my bright colored pencil pouch, before hauling my bright-blue book bag over my shoulder. I gathered up all of my binders and belongings, and held them against my chest, and then picked up the test sheet. I walked over to Mr. Lake's desk and handed him the sheet of paper, giving him a small smile-which he kindly returned-and then walked out of the classroom.
"Elyse!" I abruptly heard as I quickly walked down the vacant and crowded hallway.
I stopped walking and looked over my shoulder. It was Linda, one of my other best friends. She ran towards me, her golden-blonde hair flopping and a bright grin plastered on of her face. Once she caught up with me she paused for a minute to catch her breath, and then we proceeded to walk down the hallway. "Hey," I said and smiled.
"Hey," Linda said with eagerness in her tone. "I have great news!"
I cocked my head to the side and narrowed my eyes in curiosity as I surveyed her. Linda had always been the calm, considerate, and cool one. She rarely ever showed any kind of enthusiastic emotion, unless she was truly happy about something, and right now, with her bright, sparkling blue eyes and radiating smile, I could tell she was insanely excited for some reason. I just didn't know what or who it would be about.
"Why are you being so... giddy?" I asked, and widen my eyes for effect. "You're barely ever...loud. You usually remain-well, composed."
"There's going to be a winter dance!" Linda blurted.
"And?" I said, unfazed by the new information.
"Well, you remember Tom Johnson, right?" Tom Johnson was Linda's two-year crush. They met in Newspaper Club two years ago. Tom was the editor and Linda was assigned to do the teasers. The two helped one another, and as years passed-two, to be exact-Linda started to develop feelings for Tom. She believed that her feelings for him were only one-sided, though Mike, Jessie, and I believed that Tom, too, had feelings for Linda. The two were just oblivious to the true feelings that they held for one another.
Once nodding, confirming her assumption, Linda continued.
"Well, we were in newspaper today and he asked me to be his date!" she squealed and grinned widely.
Turning a corner, I looked over at her and smiled. "That's great, Lindy! Have you told Jess?" I raised an eyebrow in questioning.
"No, not yet, but she's in my next class," Linda said. "Listen, I have to go; I'll see you at lunch." She gave me one last smile before entering a near classroom.
I sighed, continuing to walk down the hallway. I'm happy for, Linda-I am, I thought. But I can't help but be a little envious. I mean, her crush asked her out, and it's obvious that his feelings are mutual. But with Mike; it's different. Our feelings for one another are different. I like him way more than a friend, though he likes me like a sister. Emotions and feelings.... They suck.
 _____________________________________________________
I do hope for this book to have more fans and what-not. But I'm really not worried about it. I write for myself--no one else. And I stand by that rule. But I do hope people, who read it, like it.  
Also, my time will be most on this book. I will not be working on any other book--even if I do have some ideas. I'll just have to put it into the back of my head. Lol. 
Okay, so, I've been told by my friends at my school that I am, indeed a goody-goody. Yeah, I guess I could agreed. But I'm also really geeky and nerdy. 
But, yeah, I hope you like it! And I have not plotted out the prologue yet. But I will try to have it either Friday (yeah, break' n one of my rules) or next week. Sorry, it's short, by the way! But, hope you like!
Vote
Comment 
Follow
Thank you so much if you are--or aren't--reading! I really do appreciate it!
Also, If you could, possibly tell me what I need to fix! 
~Bri<3
Disclaimer: I'm in like 8th grade so yeah :)
My parents always wanted a boy. I was lucky, I was the only child they will ever get. My name is Mikayla Chandlers. My parents are sending me to an all boys school. Apparently I'm too "girly". I don't wear makeup because it gives you pimples. Or more than you would get.
I wear regular clothes. Like jeans, shorts (that are at a reasonable length), leggings, tee shirts, sweatshirts, and all that crap.
Well let's get back to the storyline. I'm getting shipped to an all boys school in an island. So no. I can't escape. I am trapped in, not only the school, but the dorms. The principal, for some reason, allowed me to go to this school AND share a room with 2 boys!
Let's just say, this is going to be one hell of a year.
Here comes goodbye
Here comes the last time
Here comes the start of every sleepless night
The first of every tear I'm going to to cry
~"Here Comes Goodbye" by Rascal Flatts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
 Prologue: Here Comes Goodbye
♥ Kennedy Everson's POV ♥
Beauty. Something I never had. Something I never desired. I was happy with who I was. I was happy with being the smart, kind-of nerdy girl I was, with my perfect boyfriend, and my perfect parents, and our perfect house. But as it has once been said, "All good things come to an end."
It was a hot August day, walking hand in hand home with my boyfriend, Ryan, feeling the California heat on my pale shoulders. We entered his house, heading up to his room, and dropped our stuff off before walking down to the beach.
We stayed in silence, a very unusual thing for us, considering we spent most of our time having intellectual conversations with each other.
"What's wrong?" I asked, expecting him to make some remark like, 'I'm tired' or 'I'm hungry.'
"Kennedy," he began, but I stopped him.
"You only call me Kennedy when something's really wrong," I asked, feeling my heart break.
"I don't think this is working out, Kennedy."
"Why? Did I do something?" I asked, tears streaking my face.
"I just don't feel like this is working out. And you're a great girl, Ken, and you will find someone who cares about you, but that persons just not me," he replied as he looked down at the ground, avoiding eye contact with me.
"Who is she?" I asked, feeling a thunderstorm of tears rush down my cheek.
"What are you talking about?" he asked, trying to avoid my question.
"Who is the girl you're breaking up with me for?" I questioned.
"No one in particular. I just want a change in scenery, you know? I want a bad girl, okay?" he was answering, but I was already walking away, walking back to my house, which was only blocks from Ryan's.
I entered my usually empty house, incredibly surprised to find both of my parents home, conversing at the kitchen table.
"Mom? Dad? Why are you guys both home?" I asked. I couldn't remember the last time my parents were home at the same time.
"We need to talk. Will you please sit down?" My father answered, pulling out a chair for me.
"Did someone die or something?" I asked, and my parents laughed.
"No dear, we just have some important news to tell you," my mother replied, and then continued. "Your father's company has offered him a promotion, but in order for him to accept it, we have to move to San Antonio."
"Mom, that's amazing! But we'll be thirteen hundred miles from here!" I exclaimed.
"Honey, your mother and I realize that, but it's what's best for us as a family. We are leaving in two weeks, so you better start packing."
I ran to my room, both mad at my parents but yet happy that after two weeks, I won't have to see Ryan ever again. The only really hard thing about leaving was leaving my best friend, Charlotte. We had been best friends since the second grade, and she has stuck by me through everything. And now I was going to be leaving when we need each other the most- senior year of high school. We both grew up in Carlsbad, California, and knew each one of each others secrets.
The next two weeks of school flew by quickly. It was the beginning of the year, so my classes weren't that busy.
The day I was leaving, Charlotte skipped school to send me off, and we both ended up bawling.
"I will miss you so much, Char. I promise to call you once a week," I breathed out, tears falling.
"You better. Now, come here and give me a hug!" she exclaimed, squeezing me as hard she could.
"Kennedy, we need to get on the road," my mother called from the front seat of the moving truck.
"Goodbye, Charlotte. Thanks for the memories," I choked out.
"Bye. Call me, okay?" she replied, looking like she would explode.
I knew that I may never see Charlotte again. I knew I would never seen Ryan again. But I was okay with that. I was taking this opportunity to be a new version of me. A cuter, hotter, and overall better version.
Chapter 1// Positive//
I look at the little stick that is showing me my future. A pack of sour patch kids in my hand and water in the other. I put the stick on the toilet seat waitng for my future to be told by one little sign.
The timer goes off, letting my frantic mind go crazy. I look at the stick and my stomach drops. There it is. A small little black plus sign.
"Honey? Are you alright in there?" A knock comes from the bathroom door.
Crap! I shove the stick in the brown bag and shove it under the sink.
"Yes." my voice comes out croakly.
"Honey, I don't believe you. I'm coming in." She says.
The door handle starts shaking. I open the door before making sure everything is put away.
"Honey, why are you crying?" My mom's voice says with lace of concern.
Wow. I didn't even know I was crying. "Oh.. I um, I poked my self in the eye with my eyeliner." I lie.
Good one Journey. Now she wont find out. Hopefully.
"Oh. Okay. Well dinner is almost ready." She said before walking away.
I wipe my tears away before heading back downstairs. I grab the brown bag, my water and sour patch kids and grab my car keys to my electric blue Skyline r34.
"Mom, I'm going to Destiny's place for a minute!"
"Okay! Be back before 6!" She says from the living room.
I go outside and race to my car before I can get wet from the rain storm. I start my car up and turn up the radio. The song How do you sleep by Jesse McCartney is blasting through the radio and I can't help but to sing along. 
I pull up to Destiney's victorian house and knock on the door. Her tall dark tanned skin mother opens the door.
"Well hello Journey, Destiney is just in her room." She says moving her black hair from her face.
I give her a small thanks and head to Destiney's room. I knock on her door and hoping she can hear me from her music.
She opens the door mad but when her eyes meet mine she gets all concerned.
"Aw, Journey, whats the matter?" She says pulling me into a tight hug.
I start sobbing on her and pull away."I got masscara on your shirt." I croak out.
"Don't mind my shirt! What happend to you!" 
I shakingly give her the bag and she looks in side. She goes from her olive skin-tone to a very pale color.
"Journey, please tell me this, that this isn't yours." She whispers.
"It is." I said starting to sob.
"Oh my god. Honey tell me what happend! Who is the father?" She says pulling me into her warm hugs.
"Its- its, Austin Gibbson." I stutter out.
"What! Your telling me, that my bestfriend had sex with the schools player!" She shouts.
"Destiney shh, I don't want anyone to know." I say covering her mouth with my hand.
She muffles something under my hand. "What?"
"I said, I promise I won't." She says taking my hand off.
"Okay good! Now I'm going to go!"
I take the bag from her bed and run downstairs.
"Bye Mrs. James!"
"Bye Journey! See you tomorrow!" She screams back.
I walk outside and hear a basketball hitting the cold wet cement. I turn my head to the sound and my eyes look at that one person who I didn't want to cross paths with for awhile.
I start running to my car hoping thay he hasn't seen me. I'm about to reverse out of the drive-way until a knock on my window. 
I jump in my seat and turn to the person who knocked. Great. Why did I have to leave so early!! I roll down my window and turn to Austin.
"Hi. My car broke down. Its pouring cats and dogs. Can you drive me to my garage?"
"Um yeah. Get in." I say unlocking the passenger side door.
He mutters a thanks and gets in and puts his seat belt on.
He tells me how to get there, even though I remember how to get there because I was there not even 10 weeks ago. We arrive in a matter of 10 minutes.
"Thanks. And nice car." He tells me before he leaves and runs into the garage.
I back out and into the road and head home hopefully my mom hasn't found out about it yet.
I pull up to my drive-way and notice that Destiney's car is in my drive-way. Maybe I left something there. I enter my house with a big smile on my face so that my mom doesn't get to suspicious.
"Mom I'm home!" 
"In the kitchen!"
I walk into the kitchen and see Destiney, her mom and my mom all talking.
"What's going on?" I say dropping my keys on the counter.
"Well, honey Sarah over heared you and Destiney talking in her room." My mom says giving me a look.
Oh god. Please tell me they didn't find out. I look at Destiney and see a tear run down her face. I knew she didn't tell. She wouldn't do that to me. We have been friends since the 1st grade. She wouldn't betray me like that.
"Okay? What did you hear?" I say playing along.
"I over heared you saying that your pregnant with Austin Gibbson's child." She says giving me a look.
My face goes pale and I look at my mom. My mom's face looks all teary and I instantly start feeling bad.
"Mom- I didn't know how to tell you." I start sobbing.
"Oh honey. Your fine. I just wished you would have told me sooner." She says rushing over to me.
I hug her back and we pull apart both of our faces wet from crying.
"How far along are you?" She asks me with her hands on my shoulders.
"I'm about nine weeks." I say trying to remember.
"Here. I'll set you up an appointment for Dr. Larson and we'll go from there." She says going over to the phone and to call Dr. Larson.
I look at Destiney and her mom and they are all looking at my mom with shock. They probably didn't think that my mom would take this well. Well neither would I.
Edited 1-2-16
I hope you enjoy this new book. It is much milder than AFAF, for those of you who read that before reading this. There will not be many sex scenes in this story, although there will be a few. The majority of the characters are in high school, so I thought it should be somewhat milder. It feels to me that this story moves much slower than AFAF, but I want it to be that way. I started writing this story years ago, before I graduated from high school. I have made many changes to it since then, and I am hoping to finally finish it by putting it on wattpad. I hope you enjoy it. If you don't like the first chapter, please hang in for a few more before giving up on it. Thanks!!
****************************************************************************************************************
DREW
I'm in geography class, daydreaming about the things Ellie and I can do when school wraps for the day. I hope that she wants to go to Kroger's Lake. It's early fall, and the leaves are just starting to change. Hanging out with Elle and the crew would be the perfect end to one of the longest weeks of the year. 
Playing football makes the beginning of the school year both exciting and agonizing. Coach works us so much, it feels like every muscle in my body has been torn right off the bone. Luckily for us, our game is on Saturday this week, so that just means practice tonight. I can handle practice. The bell rings, and we are free. I leave class and begin walking down the hall toward the gym. 
"Hey, Drew. You ready for the game tomorrow?" Stacy Kinder asks as I pass her in the hall. The most annoying thing about playing football is the barrage of comments that being on the team brings. No one can see you as a single entity anymore: you are always tied to the game. The entire student body feels the need to incorporate "football" into any dialogue they share with a football player. It can get to be tiresome after awhile. Not even football players want to talk about the sport all of the time. 
Across the hall from me, I see Emily Martin, Ellie's twin sister, glaring at me. For reasons unknown to most of the general population, she utterly despises me. I have been dating Ellie off and on for the past five years, yet Emily can't seem to warm up to me. In the beginning, everything seemed cool, but somewhere along the line, I became her worst enemy. Even so, I have no problems with Emily. It would make all of our lives a little easier if she would thaw out a little. 
It's hard to believe they're twins sometimes. Ellie is thin, outgoing, and popular. In fact, she's the cheerleader to my football player. Cliché, I know, but that is how the cookie crumbled. Emily, on the contrary, is thickly built, quiet, and has a handful of friends. Em is very compassionate toward those whom she loves, but equally as passionate toward those whom she despises, i.e.: me. 
Her glare is piercing, and I find myself intimidated by her presence. I have to play up the cockiness, though, because this completely infuriates her. I saunter by her and give her the most arrogant look I can muster. 
"Go ahead, Rangle, don't say hi. I guess I'm not cool enough to be in your clique. Boo hoo," she taunts. 
I hate this. Why does she insist on making such a big deal about not liking me? I get it. She despises me. She wishes I would jump off of a bridge. There is nothing I can do to make this girl happy. Believe me, I have tried. 
"Hi," I say as she is haranguing me. She doesn't hear me because her own voice is about 100 decibels louder than mine. Oh well, not my fault. 
Ah, there she is, walking toward me. My Ellie. Her long blonde hair and violet eyes are all I need to make me forget about my troubles. Not to mention her mile long legs and tiny little waist. I would be hard-pressed to find a man or woman on this earth who would not agree that this girl is beautiful. Sometimes I can't believe she actually wants to be with me. 
Chapter 1
"OMG! OMG! OMG! I CANNOT BELIEVE IT!!! HE'S HERE!" 
Barbie no#1 squealed
"OMG! NO WAY!" Barbie no#2 screamed
"YES WAY!" Barbie no#1 shrieked
I cringed listening to their scream-a-conversation; turning up the volume of my I pod, praying the sweet chords of muse would drown out the girls behind me in the very long morning queue in Starbucks. And by the way they are the type of girls who, when they screamed 'OMG!' they do it phonetically - spelling it out like five-year olds. Urghhh!
If this was about whom I thought this was about, I was going to endure about ten more minutes of mindless screaming until I eventually got to the counter. 
My mum had told me that he might be back soon from location yesterday - of course I knew this already- he'd told me two weeks ago himself when he would be arriving back at LAX.
"HE'S HERE! OMG! WE COULD TOTALLY BUMP IN TO HIM ANY MOMENT!! HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEW POSTERS?? TOTALLY OMG RIGHT?" Barbie no#1 just wont give up!
"YEAH, AND DID YOU SEE THAT ARTICLE IN VANITY FAIR?! HE SAID HE LIKES BRUNETTE GIRLS AND HE'S ALLERGIC TO PEANUT BUTTER!!!"  
Barbie no#2 screeched
And the scream -a - thon continued ... Urghhh Muse wasn't drowning them out!
God I think what I hated the most out of the whole thing was that they talk about him- well scream actually- like he's an object not a real person.
I smiled to myself about the peanut butter comment cause when we were five we were playing at his Gran's house and she made us both peanut butter and jelly sandwiches - within minutes his skin got so itchy and red his mum had to practically smother him in savlon. I chuckled at the memory of him standing in Spiderman boxers in the kitchen smothered in savlon like a little snowman!
This was the same guy they where practically having nervous breakdowns over.
I felt my converse tap on the floor impatiently. Why couldn't they just stop? It's seven in the freaking morning and I haven't got my morning tea yet!
"OMG HE'S SO GORGEOUS! I LOVE HIM!" Barbie no# 1 screamed.
Urghhh. Love him? They don't even know him!!!!!
I sighed and turned around, popping my earphones off, " Will you please be quiet. He's not that amazing. He's just a guy." I said frustrated.
The girls looked at me like I'd been blasphemous.
"OMG! HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?" Barbie no#1 squealed.
Very easily seeing as it's the truth I thought to myself, taking a deep breath.
"NOT AMAZING?! HES PERFECT!" Barbie no#1 continued screaming at me, now whipping out her hot pink diamante encrusted blackberry - EEWWW- and shoved her wallpaper picture in my face.
His familiar bright blue eyes, flecked with hazel stared back at me, his sand colored hair was mussed to perfection and he was topless. Whatever jeans he was wearing were incredibly low, revealing those stomach-hip muscle line thingies of his that all his fans seemed to love so much. His whole torso looked like someone had smothered it in some kind of oil, making his six-pack shine slightly as he stared, almost glared back at me from the phone. It looked like some sort of army style photo shoot cause he had a dog tag chain on.
These were the kinds of pictures I studiously avoided my eyes ever coming into contact with. Looking at your childhood best friend aka : Americas new sex god , with their shirt off , covered in some sort of grease hit my list of creepily disturbing sights.
Yep , you heard correctly.
I, Isabella Marant, am best friends (and have been since childhood) with Aaron Fox, Hollywood's golden boy, labeled 'The New Brad Pitt', and the most coveted guy by teen and adult females all over the Northern Hemisphere - possibly the world.
Somehow, I am in the 0.5 percent of the population somehow immune.  
Though sometimes I feel like I'm the only one apart from his mum, Linda and my parents.
"Good god. Now you've put me off my breakfast muffin" I muttered under my breath as I stomped out of Starbucks and headed down the street towards my black convertible comet with it's lovely red leather lining.  
I had originally gotten the car as a fix-er upper and with Aarons help we had got it running just before he left.
As I slid into the drivers seat, starting up the engine, I couldn't help but smile as I turned on the radio to hear the presenter announce;
" And it looks like Aaron Fox is finally back from filming on location in Australia and back in LA! So to all LA guys listening, hold onto your girls... "
TY
June 27
"The Buffalo Sabres have traded the first pick of the 2014 NHL Draft to the Minnesota Wild, and with the first pick of the 2014 NHL Draft, the Minnesota Wild select..." the NHL official stated officially. "Easton West, from the University of Minnesota."
"Yes!" my dad screamed as he jumped out of his recliner in our family's living room.
"Dad, you do realize that that's the guy I made look like an idiot my freshman year, right?" I said skeptically.
"The star hockey player from Andover, right?" Dad asked me.
"Yeah, the star hockey player I skated around and scored on three times, and that was just my freshman year," I said as I rolled my eyes.
"Ty, he's a really good hockey player. This will be good for the Wild. Maybe they can win the Stanley Cup this year," my dad said hopefully.
"The Wild would've been better off drafting me," I muttered as I crossed my arms over my chest.
"Come on, Ty, you'd have to be really, really good for the NHL to draft you."
"I am really, really good, Dad. Why do you think I play on the guys hockey team instead of the girls?" I argued.
"Okay, I'll give you that one," said my father.
"Dad, I'm going to get drafted, just you wait. I'm sure I could easily become as good as or even better than that Easton guy. I've already made him look like an idiot more than once."
"Okay, Ty, you work towards that goal. Just know that no matter what you end up doing, I'll support you the whole way."
"Thanks, Dad," I said with a smile. "I just don't know about this Easton guy. I hear he's a jerk with a really big ego."
"Well, from what I hear, he's a good guy and a heck of a hockey player. I mean, he has to be an amazing hockey player if he got drafted after his first year of college. The Wild will want him to start playing with them this winter, I'm sure. What really amazes me is the fact that this kid is only nineteen, turning twenty next month!" exclaimed my dad.
"I know, Dad. I know," I pretended to agree, giving up my argument.
          
          


First of all, Thank you for looking at my book; It means a lot. I just want to get a couple of things across before you get into the book.
1. I started writing this book when I was 13, very suicidal and looking for an outlet. Because of this, in the first few chapters may trigger some people.
2. I am very bad at catching my grammatical errors. I have a beautiful editor who is helping me work through that, and when the book is done, I will then work on it being fixed grammatically and format wise.
3. Enjoy this book. Comment anything. Praise, criticism, fan girl moments, I don't care. I love seeing what my readers have to say (:
Love Always, Lana
Tumblr: www.lanasullivan.tumblr.comTwitter: @/lanasullivan_

A/N: I've changed the age of Caleb to 21 but i don't think i changed it in every chapter, but this will help sort of:) So Caleb is now 21.  
Another A/N: So since I'm sick of getting comments complaining about the whole age difference thing before you leave a comment NOTHING HAPPENED UNTIL SHE'S 16 okay? So if you read it and don't like it but don't read on until something happens, please don't feel the need to leave a comment, I've had loads already. So if you want to read on thanks but if not, please no comments. Thank you :)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
CHAPTER ONE
"Riley, you're going to be late for school if you don't leave now." My mum said from the kitchen table.
"Well it's either eat now and be late, or be on time and get hungry faster." I explained while buttering my toast.
"Or you can eat it on the way to school. You don't want to be late on the first day of school. And the bus will be there in a couple of minutes." I sighed and put the butter back into the refrigerator.
"Fancy giving me a lift?" I said picking up my things before my toast.
"No you can get the bus. I'm working until five o'clock so I'll pick up something to eat on my way home. What do you fancy?" I shrugged and started walking towards the front door. "Surprise me!" I shouted before walking out of the house.
I can honestly say I hate school. I really can't wait until I'm out of there and doing something I want to do. I know that my school is one of the best to be at. It's a grammar school which is one of the best schools to go to. The courses are pretty intense in the later years of school, but that's what makes it different from the other schools. Our school was apparently to have the 'smart' people in it. But sometimes I really do wonder how some people got in. Sometimes even me. It's a good school, but how many of you can honestly say you love school? Not very many probably. And they have uniforms which I hate. But I've got really good friends at the school, which make it better to go to.
*
I finally walked into this place that I couldn't wait to leave. I was already a few minutes late so everyone had already gone to registration. Which I guess if you're from America or somewhere else, it's like homeroom. I think it's a waste of time, because all they do is take the roll and read out announcements. Even talking about it makes it sound like a waste of time.
I opened the door to my registration room unenthusiastically. I have to admit it was slightly because we had to move rooms today, because apparently the first years can find the English block easier. But I know that's all lies. I dropped my bag onto the floor and sat with my friends. "Is it just me, or are you guys already bored?" I asked while looking at them. They laughed and shrugged. "When classes start it will." Beth replied before they went back to their conversations. 
Beth has been one of my best friends since we started this school. She's been amazing the past two years. "So how're you feeling?" She asked with a smile.
"A little bit nervous. But I think the last couple of months before the end of the last school year helped. I still can't wait to get out of here though." She laughed and nodded. "What about you? Are you happy to be back or not?" She shrugged while playing with her finger nails. "Yes and no I guess. Glad to get back to do something because summer was getting a bit boring. But I can't be bothered with classes, homework and essays." 
I laughed and shook my head at her.
Before I could say anything more, Dr Burns, the deputy headmaster, walked into the room. He was in charge of taking care of the students' timetables. He was carrying a huge pile of papers in his hands, which looked liked everyone's timetables. He walked over to our registration teacher, Mr Martin and started looking through his pile of papers. He finally pulled out about thirty pieces of paper with a yellow slip folded over them. He smiled at Mr. Martin, while handing them to him and left the room again.
"Right okay guys listen up." Mr Martin said standing up in front of the class.
I have to say, I love Mr Martin. I've had him every year for English since being here. He was friends with my brother, and we just started talking and became friends. He is a really nice guy and easy to talk to. And for a guy of his age, he's pretty good looking. He's not really my type of guy, but I'd admit his girlfriend is lucky.
"I have your timetables here; so I'll come around and pass them out." He started handing them around with a look on his face like he was finding it difficult to remember who everyone was. He would look down at the paper around the room and back down at the paper. He would often call out names. After about twenty names or so he walked over to me and handed me a piece of paper with my timetable on it and smiled. I looked down at my timetable and saw I had him for another year. After all my friends got their timetables we started to compare them.
"Oh lucky me, I've got the best English teacher." I said sarcastically. Mr Martin laughed and I looked up at him. "I knew you'd like that." He smiled before walking away.
"I hate you Riley," I heard Beth say to me.
"Why? What did I do?" I asked wondering what she was talking about.
"You have Mr Baker for History." I looked down at my timetable and saw she was right. I've never heard of a Mr Baker at this school. "Yeah, so?" I replied still wondering what she was talking about. I seriously wonder how we became friends. She's more outgoing and I'm quieter and keep myself to myself.
"He came here this year and he's twenty-one and hot." She explained, with a huge smile still on her face.
"How do you know all that? I've never heard anything about a new teacher?"
"My mum is the headmaster's secretary, she tells me everything. Mr Baker is his nephew I think."
I nodded and put my timetable in my pocket. "Well, I guess I won't find out if he's hot until Monday. I still don't get why they have the first day of school on a Friday." All my friends started to laugh and I had no option but to join them, their laughing was so infectious. Our laughing was cut out by the sound of the bell. What was I saying about it ringing at the wrong times? I stood up and grabbed my stuff to go to assembly.
*
After the assembly and I had said goodbye to Beth, I walked to the front of the school and waited at my bus stop. I know school was a half day today, but I still can't be bothered. I think a half day is often worse than a full day. I mean, I got up really early today to go to school, and now I'm going home at twelve and will have to occupy myself. I'm not going to lie, over summer I would stay in bed until like two. But at least with a full school day, I had something to do until half three or four o'clock. I'm glad my bus came early today, because I just want to get home and watch some TV.
I walked through my front door about half an hour later. Ah, the perks of living quite close to school. I threw my bag on the armchair before lying down on the couch. I grabbed the TV remote and turned on the TV. While I waited for the commercials to end, I looked at my timetable and recognised most of the teachers and rooms from previous years. When I came to History I couldn't help but think about what Beth had said. Was he really that young? Was he hot as well? If both of them were true I know all the girls will probably never pay attention in class. And I'll have to sit there and watch them flirt and whatever else they were going to do. I mean who flirts with a teacher? It's like they want to get suspended or expelled. I shook my head I walked into the kitchen getting a drink, not really caring about them or History. I'm at school to get grades to go to University. I don't care what everyone else does.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Like My Facebook Fan Page Please :) 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phoenix-54/331878516874857
Please Vote, Comment and Become a Fan. :) It's my first story so tell me what you think:) I know we haven't met Mr Baker yet but in the next chapter I will bring him in:)
Actualidad
-Cuéntame más, abuela -pidió Brigitte a su abuela.
Brigitte estaba emocionada y nerviosa por la inminente llegada del día de su boda y sabía que la historia de su abuela y abuelo era la cosa más romántica e intensa que jamás había oído. 
El sonido del móvil de Brigitte interrumpió la contestación de su abuela. Brigitte levantó el móvil y lo desbloqueó. 
-Deja Instagram, Brigitte -la reprendió su abuela mientras tomaba el móvil de su mano. 
-¿Cómo sabes que es Instagram? -preguntó Brigitte con asombro mientras veía a su abuela juguetear con el móvil como si fuese una experta. 
-Yo sé muchas cosas, no te olvides -le aseguró con una mirada penetrante. 
-Bueno, abuela -cortó Brigitte mientras dejaba el móvil a un lado-. ¿Cómo... cómo supiste que el abuelo era el correcto? 
-Como sabes, fue difícil para nosotros. Teníamos todas las de perder en nuestra carrera contra corriente -comenzó a decir su abuela mientras rememoraba-. Nadie daba un franco por nosotros. Al principio lo odiaba en secreto. Lo mataba con la mirada cada vez que hacia algo, aunque fuese la cosa más normal del mundo. Odiaba que hablara en alemán cuando se enfadaba. Teníamos las cartas sobre la mesa, una guerra a nuestras espaldas y los enemigos rodeándonos. 
-No puedo imaginarme en esa situación -confesó su nieta. 
-Me alegro de que no lo hagas, cielo. Para eso hemos peleado tanto durante tantos años, para que tú no tengas que imaginarte en esa situación. 
-¿Crees que debido a lo que pasasteis vuestra relación se afianzó? 
Su abuela soltó una risotada. Escuchar las preguntas que su nieta le hacía, le recordaba mucho a ella. 
-No estoy segura de eso... Al principio nos odiábamos, de hecho, quería ver a tu abuelo muerto. No dejaba de pensar en que al final su bando acabaría perdiendo y él perdería. Pero descubrí que tenía más cosas en común con él de las que debería y, entonces, perderlo era mi mayor miedo. Era todo lo que tenía. 
-Nunca hablas de tus padres -señaló su nieta mientras jugaba con el final de su cola de caballo. 
-Estaban muertos -respondió su abuela, aunque era una contestación extremadamente pobre e imprecisa. 
-¿Te pareció guapo el abuelo? -preguntó Brigitte, cambiando de tema y esbozando una nueva y brillante sonrisa. 
Su abuela se enderezó mientras suspiraba y miraba con ojos soñadores hacia el prado. 
-Guapo... de una forma a la que no estaba acostumbrada. Los chicos de mi ciudad eran muuuuy diferentes. Él era como el iPhone más nuevo que hayas visto pero que no deja de perder la esencia del antiguo. 
-Esa comparación es un poco rara, abuela -murmuró Brigitte con cautela, no queriendo ofender a su abuela. 
-Pero lo pillas, ¿vedad? -apuntó la abuela. Brigitte asintió hacia su abuela-. Eso pensaba.
Y, así, terminó la conversación sobre la historia de amor de su abuela. Las dos sabían que sus historias de amor siempre serían diferentes, pero... ellas eran, en el fondo, exactamente iguales. 


Disclaimer: It's nowhere near the title itself so if you're looking for an extreme "Rated R" boyxboy then I apologize, this story might not be for you, for it contains heavy romance and not-so-detailed smut only.

~

Ten year old Daniel was hanging out with the twins, Jayden and Kayden. The three lads were chasing each other beside the lake. Sweat dripping across their skinny chest and hair blowing in their faces. Daniel never looked so happy. It seems as if he actually found his true brothers, which is kinda true because he was only one child. 
"Hey Daniel, I'll give you ten bucks if you can climb that tree and jump through the branch towards the lake." Said mischievous Kayden, naive Daniel smiled and punched Kayden on the arm.
                      "Better have that ten bucks!" He said as he ran towards the tree and climbed it. The three of them were strong and they were really active for a ten year old. Jayden cheered Daniel and Kayden looked at him with an amused expression. "Here goes nothing!" Daniel closed his eyes and jumped towards the lake and his whole body splashed. It kinda hurts, he thought. He opened his eyes and realized that he was not able to reach the floor of the lake, which caused him to instantly panic. Adrenaline coursed through his veins and he screamed on the top of his lungs.
                      "Help!" Daniel screamed. He tried swimming up but it seems as if there's someone pulling him down and without a minute, he passed out. The last thing he heard was the splash of the water.
A few minutes, he regained consciousness. A hot and moist breath tickled his nose. He coughed the water inside of his stomach and felt a pair of hot lips and tongue inside of his mouth. When he regained his focus, it was none other than Kayden's worried face. He was red as tomato and he was panting really fast. Kayden pulled away and had a big sigh. Kayden was glad nothing happened to Daniel. Daniel looked at his sides and saw Jayden smiling at him, patting his head. He felt the rush just like what his other twin felt. Oddly, Daniel felt a little weird. He didn't know if it's because he was glad someone saved him or because Kayden unintentionally kissed him. 
It made him confused. The thought of liking another man made him confused but right now, it didn't take a rocket scientist to distinguish what feeling he's actually feeling right now. The signs are there, he liked the fact that Kayden was on top of him, their male parts bumping on each other, he liked the fact that he sees Kayden's chest inflate and deflate.
Yup, he discovered what his orientation was by the age of ten. Because he was smart like that. He had been contemplating because he had been attracted to him since the beginning.
Kayden pulls himself up from Daniel, and he helped Daniel to get up. "Glad to know you're okay buddy. I'm so sorry. Here's the ten bucks. I promise I won't let you do something stupid ever again." Young Kayden said nervously. Not knowing what to do, Kayden hugged him and he returned it. This feeling he has, never mind about the guilt, for now he thought, he's actually attracted to Kayden. Even if it's one sided crush. He didn't know if it was wrong but for him, it feels absolutely right. Jayden joined the hug and together it was one hell of a friendship. 
When the sun was out, the three built a fire and luckily, their moms packed them big marshmallows to roast and a big tent. Jayden was the first to open the marshmallows. Out of the three, he has the younger mindset. All he wants to do is play and watch his other brother do all the talking. He doesn't know what to do without his other twin. Daniel on the other hand was the neutral one, he observes and joins the ideas of Kayden knowing that Kayden knows what to do. And obviously Kayden was the brightest. He has all of this ideas, he was enthusiastic and jocular. 
The group sat merrily until Kayden scoffed and all the giggles stopped. "I hate to say this but... I'm going." Kayden looked down.
                      "But it's too early to go back home. We're staying the night here right?" Jayden said, confused as Daniel. 
                      "Yea, he's right. Stop being a chicken Kayden." Daniel nodded. 
                      "Daniel, I want you to take care of Jayden okay? Guide him and lead him on, he's very young, he may be our age but still, he has a lot to learn." Kayden said. Both of them couldn't believe what they're hearing. What is this nonsense that he's saying, Daniel thought. 
                      "I don't get it Kayden. Spit it out." Daniel hates dilly dally and he was a very straight forwards person. 
                      "I'm going with your dad... I'm going to a military school." Kayden said and the two gasped.
                      "You mean the Hell on Earth that our classmates was talking about?" Asked shocked Jayden. He was so confused.
                      "But you're a good student. You have A's and... you're happy with us! And my dad... Why him?" Daniel panicked. He couldn't believe this. He was a little heartbroken. That time, he didn't know about the consequences but because he has a crush on Kayden, he didn't know what to do. 
                      "I know Daniel. That's why you have to take care Jayden for me. It's not that I'm a bad student or a bad son, actually I'm nowhere near that. But I want it. It's my dream. I want to become a soldier. Just like your dad, Daniel. He's my inspiration." He looked at Daniel who was now fighting his tears. He wiped the tear out of Daniel's face but Daniel shoved his hand away and pulled himself up angrily.
                      "That's bullshit Kayden! For christ's sakes! You're ten! No one knows what we want in life by the age of ten."
                      "I do..." Kayden looked down. Feeling ashamed. Jayden never looked so broke. He can't imagine what his life would be without his brother. 
                      "Then fine. Leave us alone. If that's what you wanted." Without a second thoughts, Daniel walked himself home, crying. He was angry and torned. He can't lose Kayden. He likes Kayden. But at the age of ten, we never think about 'Oh, that's what he like, I won't pull him down, I'm not that kind of person' thoughts. All he knew is that Kayden's leaving them because he's selfish. 
By the next morning, he didn't even go outside of his room even if his mom told him so. He just cried under his pillow. He will miss Kayden and if he sees him outside his window with his dad, he might miss him more. So it's better to be inside his room and not see Kayden at all. He never said a word before Kayden left, he never mentioned him ever. God knows when will he come back. But it might not be pretty if he does. 
____
[A/N]:
                      Brrrr! Hey what's up! Liking the story so far? I have big plans for this and I hope you support it just like you support BED... NOW! 
Hey guys! So, I'm starting this book call Ugly is The New Beautiful and I hope my book is good.. And this book has a little to do with the book Finding Out What the Bad Boy Fights For because I loveeeee that book. So I planned on using a few of the books' characters in my book. But they're not the main so, yes.
Anyways.. Enjoy!
And please feel free to send me messages if my writing has some problem. Believe me, my English sucks. As you can see, I'm not an American or a girl who's good in English. I don't know the slang in America so if my slang is more Malaysian, please excuse it.
~DianaBane03
Little Miss Sarcastic
Haley Willms, your average girl with black hair and brown eyes who would totally get lost in a crowd...if it weren't for her constant sarcastic remarks.
Jared Housley, a guy who Haley's hated for a while now. He annoys and pesters her way more than he should but there's definitely a reason for everything he does.
A challenge, lots of drama, a battle of wits, and love? 
Quick Notes:
COPYRIGHT: This story, "Little Miss Sarcastic" including all chapters, epilogues and associated content (bonus chapters, eReaders, etc) is under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights reserved by the author or creator of this work (purple_princess143 aka Isabella, my pen name) and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. All infringement of this copyright is punishable by law.
Copyright © purple_princess143
1. This has been completed on July 30th which does not include rewrites, edits, a soundtrack, a bonus chapter in Jared's POV, one-shots related to the book, or anything else. 
2. The book takes place at the start of January 2015 and continues throughout the rest of the American school year, which is usually through the beginning of June. This story was published January 2014 and so anyone with the same story concept or part of the story is not authorized. If my work is being published on any other site or with any other name please contact me immediately. 
3. I have swearing and at some parts immature jokes. So if you want a mature and proper book, get off Wattpad. Sorry. 
4. Comment or votes are greatly appreciated as this story is public to Wattpad and the entire world wide web so if you don't comment or votec it's like stealing a library book without giving thanks to the author/ paying for it.
Thanks and enjoy the story <3
Katarina T.
Death is My BFFLAD
© 2011, Katrocks247Mesage me via inbox or Facebook page if there are violations.ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author/ publisher.
*******
My Facebook page where you can contact me about any issues or violations with my copright is in the EXTERNAL LINK! Also, please message me on this website.
Enjoy reading. ;)
Laila White is a 17 year old African American Junior in high school and she has had her share of different skin tones. But she's never been with a white guy. Finding out that she really likes this guy at her school will she let her feelings stay in or will she eventually confess. 
Alec is a 17 year old junior who has never tasted chocolate before. When he meets Laila will he change his views or will he stick to dating inside his race.
Third Person's POV
BrewingDivergence
Socially Awkward 
© 2014, BrewingDivergence
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.
DEDICATION
 Te iubesc cu toata inima, Nana ~ I love you with all my heart, Nana
ACKNOWLEGEMENTS
 This book wouldn’t have happened without the support and encouragement from those close to me, and even some far away. Thanks to Travis for being my ‘bad boy’. Thanks to my word sprint partner, Courtney, for keeping me on track and making sure I stuck to my word count. Thanks to my readers: Ainslie, Olivia, Nyrae, Jolene, and Leigh. A big thanks to my brutal editor, but loving mother, Darlene, and my other brutal but awesome editor, Kathryn M. Crane
 The characters, setting, and events in this book are purely fictional. Any similarities to actual people, places, or events are coincidental and are not the intention of the author.
BTS Jungkook Gabin Jonas ChangPark Ji Yeon as Alexandra Lee
(Madami pa pong iba!😘) 👇👇👇
~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|~|
About Characters
•Gabin Jonas Chang also know as "Mr.Campus Crush" Other People Call Him "Gab" 
- Campus Crush. Mayabang,Playboy,MAYAMAN,Poging Pogi sa Sarli at BULLY! 
•Alexandra Lee also known as "Ms.Loner" and "Ms.Nerd"
-Campus Nerd.Mabait,Matalino at Laging na Bu-bully,Loner.
•Kashandra Stacey Yu 
-HARSH!!Mabait pero sa mga kaibigan Nya nga lang. Mapili sa kaibiganMayabang, Bobita, Crush si Mr.Chang 👈 (Gabin Jonas Chang)
•Jake Tan
-Kaibigan ni Gabin Jonas.Mayabang,Cute,Playboy,Talented.BULLY!
Ayan ang mga kaibigan ni Gabin Jonas. Sikat silang lahat sa School. Tinitilian,Kinamumuhian at tinatrato bilang mga Principe.
Jungkook = Gabin Jonas ChangV = Jake TanJimin = Jim ChanJ-Hope = Jay SyRap Mon. = Raymond HyeonSuga = Sanford JuJin = Jin Sung 
°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°•°
📓PROLOGUE📓
Mahirap Magmahal lalo na kapag may Experience kana na nasaktan ka.
Hindi ko na kaya magtiwala at buksan muli ang aking puso.
Yan! Yan ang lagi Kong tinatandaan.
Pero nung dumating sya sa buhay ko...
Nag Simula sa Pag-aasaran..
Bangayan...
Pagtatalo..
Pero Hindi ko namalayan na nahulog na pala ako sakanya..
Its Unexpected Right?
Its Unexpected Love.💞
~~~~••~~~~••~~~~••~~~~••~~~~
All Right Reserve ©2016
Written By: Joicey_JoiceThis Story is a work of fiction. Names,Characters, some places and incidents are products of the author's imagination and are used fictitiously. Any Resemblance to actual events,places or persons,living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Hi Readers! 
Expect nyo na po na may pagka Jeje to. Kasalanan po yun ng Keyboard. Hahahaha😂. Expect nyo na din po yung WRONG GRAMMAR. 
Alam ko naman pong Hindi kagandahan tong Story na ito pero sana po MAHALIN nyo po ito at SUPPORTAHAN.
Lahat po ng Nasa Story ay gawa ng aking Malikot na Kaisipan.😂
Kung may pagka parehas man po ito sa mga Story na nabasa nyo ACCIDENT lang po iyon at Hindi sinasadya.
Date Published: August 2016
Date Finished: November 4, 2016
Yun Lang! Enjoy Reading.😘
Love: Joicey_Joice
A/N: Kung Gusto nyo po sumali sa Story ko PM nyo lang po ako sa Facebook or Instagram Account ko.😘💋👇
Facebook: Kheanna Joice TanInstagram: itskheannatan
Please Vote!💋
Jojo B Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/Jojo-B-985895238114642/?ref=hl
Made by @Marina_Olimpia 
And lastly:
© Jojo B 2016
All rights including those in copyright in the content of this story are owned by Jojo B 
All characters in this story are from my imagination and are copyrighted.
Any similarities to anything else are not intended.
Any violation of this shall result to maximum copyright penalties.
Thank you.
>>>NOELLE'S OUTFIT
Sigh...
That's all I could do as I looked at the dreamboat known as Oliver Carey, my ex-boyfriend. His perfect locks looked like they were glowing from the sunlight on them. He looked adorable as he tried to pay attention to Mrs Darby, something I should probably be doing, but obviously he's a better sight than the sixty ancient year old woman in question.
Why hasn't she retired again?
The school bell sounded and everyone packed away their belongings with some enthusiastic speed, while I took my merry time. It's not like I was excited about leaving the class for lunch. I haven't been excited about anything for the past year. It's only the second week of my senior year.
With my things packed, I headed for the library, but of course fate wouldn't let me get there in peace. If anything, it looked set out to get me there in pieces as I went flying in the student filled hallway. Those around me started laughing as though this was the funniest thing they'd ever witnessed.
"Aaaaw, is little Elle upset?" my former best friend Jessie cooed, her cronies snickering behind her. She had tripped me, because you know, it's the classy thing to do.
I simply chose to ignore her, and instead moved to pick my stuff up. I was stopped by the excruciating pain that shot through my left hand. I stared down at it, watching the blood ooze out of my hand. I can't even compare the pain to anything.
"Damnit! I got blood on my shoe!" Jessie huffed, checking her stiletto.
The very stiletto that just pierced the back of my hand.
"It wouldn't have happened if this freak wasn't a part of our school!" Harper, Jessie's sidekick chirped.
Jessie smirked. "You know what? You're right! Elle should just do the world a favour and disappear!"
I clutched my bleeding hand, tears stinging behind my eyes. I wouldn't let them see me cry as I bit my lip to prevent from doing so. People were dispersing, and the gods must've heard my pleas because Jessie and her friends left as well. Oliver followed his evil girlfriend without even sparing me a glance.
Yes, Oliver is Jessie's boyfriend, as clichés would have it.
No one helped me up or helped me to gather my things. I had to do with one hand, before finally managing to get myself to the nurse's office. I had become quite acquainted with this place, but never with an injury like this one. Nurse Jacqueline's eyes widened when I walked in.
"What happened?" she asked, rushing over to me.
Unfortunately, that's when the wooziness kicked in. I could feel myself swaying, and the room was spinning a little. I think I managed to get out a few words, but I couldn't be sure. The last thing that met me was darkness.
***
"Noelle," I heard someone call.
I opened my eyes, blinking a few times from the brightness. When my eyesight had adjusted, my aunt was looking at me worriedly. Standing next to her, was the man I assumed was my doctor. I tried to sit up and accidentally used my injured hand to push me up, resulting in me screaming out from the pain.
"I'm so sorry Miss Solano. Are you okay?" the doctor asked.
That's a trick question, right?
Despite the stupid question, I managed to mumble, "I'm fine."
"Noelle, what happened?" my aunt asked.

Kate en multimedia
-------------------------------
Ahí estaba yo empacando mis cosas pues mi madre me acababa de informar que me iría a New York con mi hermano Ian quien se había mudado hace 2 años
Flashback-Buenos Días mamá ya llegue -Hija empieza empacar pues te vas a New York con tu hermano-Qué?!!?-respondí -Si es hora de endependisarte como tu hermano  -Ash esta bien tu lo único que quieres es mandarme lejosFin del flashbackY aquí estaba yo a bordo de un avión apunto de llegar a New York. 
Bajo del avión y busco a mi hermano pero no lo veo derrepente siento unos brazos rodear mi cintura volteo y veo a mi hermano -Ian!!!-Enana como has estado que bueno que llegaste-Me alegro de verte ¿nos vamos?-Claro te llevaras excelente con los chicosMe detuve-¿que cuales chicos?!-pregunté-O olvide ese pequeño detalle-Valla que si-Vivo con 4 chicos más- respondió con total normalidad
Ya llegando a casa abrí la puerta y me encontré a 4 chicos dioses griegos con solo pantalones Me quede embobada hasta que uno se le ocurre hablar -Disfrutando la vistaYo solo rodé los ojos -Y dinos Ian quien es ella otra de tus conquistas?-No ella es mi hermana Katy por lo tanto es terreno prohibido Mira ellos son:Señaló a uno alto castaño piel blanca y ojos cafes el es santiagoDespués señaló a uno alto bronceado pelo negro el es BrandonDespués a uno de piel blanca ojos azules y con aspecto tranquilo el es AlexanderY por último a uno de piel morena y ojos marrones el es Ivan-Mucho gusto-Igualmente- dijeron todos al unísono
Pasaron unas horas y estaba preparando una pizza ya que había acomodado todo y me dio hambre derrepente entran todos a la cocina-Mmmm esto huele delicioso -jaja Gracias Terminando la pizza nos dispusimos a ver una película cuando en eso tocan la puerta -Yo voy-dije-De todos modos tu ibas a ir-dijo Brandon Solo Rodé Los Ojos Al abrir la puerta me encontré con una rubia teñida con un vestido mini rosa chillón -Y tu eres?-le pregunté-Yo soy...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~N/A:Holaaaa Bueno aquí el primer capítulo si les gusta no olviden de votar★ y dejas su comentario Bye!!!Los amo
Hi people!! So this book is really clitché and naïve so read at your own risk!!!There might be some grammar errors so please do NOT judge!! 
~Sofi
A/N Don't worry it gets better PROMISE PROMISE PROMISE this is mostly background information I'm sorry, but you can skip it if you want to get to interesting stuff. Summary of first chap at bottom in bold
To see a picture of main character click on this link: http://beautyonthewall.blogspot.com/2012/03/beauty-answers-from-rachel-bilson.html
©Copyright 2013. All Rights Reserved. Plagiarism will result in a lawsuit and fines.
I pay for my food in the cafeteria and I hear snickering and shouts of "loser", "nerd", and some worse names I'd rather not repeat. As I turn to see who it is, the sound goes away. After I turn back around, it starts back up again. I know who it is, though.
I dated Tyler, or Ty as I call him, three years ago, when I was in the eighth grade. He broke my heart of course. I was just too innocent and I didn't realize that life is not perfect. Fairy tale romances aren't real. My mom and dad are a good enough of example of this. They divorced when I was an infant and I never see my dad. Ever. I don't have any siblings either-just a few good friends.
Amber is Tyler's on and off girlfriend as of now. Class-A slut.
Anyways, I don't really know exactly why Tyler dumped me the day before high school but I have a pretty good idea.
It seems as if that *sshole thinks he is too good for me. He wants to roll with the big shots.
I was holding him down from being the "it" guy.
But you know, whatever, screw him. He doesn't even have true friends. 
As much as I hate to admit it, it was a painful breakup. Ty was my first relationship. Well, unless you count this guy, James, in my Kindergarten class. It's the usual little kid romance. I liked him and he liked me. Ta-da! And then one day he got down on one knee and gave me a ring-pop. Watermelon flavored, my favourite! So of course, I said yes to the proposal, but that strory's for another day. Does that mean I am technically married? Whatever. I haven't seen the kid in years and I don't think I will ever see him again.
Ever since that incident with Ty, our breakup, I have been a nobody and a fashion disaster. I am not blind- I know the clothes I wear are generally two sizes too larged and don't match and so maybe it's not normal to have a comfy day everyday. But why do I care?
Today is the last day of school of my junior year. I don't know what I want to do with my life in terms of majors and careers, but there is plenty of time for that. I'll figure it out eventually. I can't wait for college though! My fellow classmates will probably be a little more mature about my looks and not judge me. I'm going to go to a prestigious school, preferablly Ivy League, where people actually appreciate me.
As for Tyler, I am so over him and I'm not just saying that. I don't even know why I fell for him in the first place. I was naive back then, but I have hardened. I will not get hurt again. Maybe I won't even get in another relationship. I don't know yet. I haven't planned for anything so far in advance. 
I set my tray down at my usual table. Everyone else was already there amd by that I mean my good friends. I had six good friends I hung out with since middle school that have stuck with me through it all. They are my true friends and I love them to death! 
In our little group, there are two couples. Danny and Cassie and Alexx and Jay! There are also Lily and Foster, Well, they're not one of the couples, but I know they will be soon, so maybe I should make that three couples and me.
Regarding Lily and Foster, they are perfect for each other, but unless Foster has some alchohol in his system, he is super shy. Not likely to make a move. Anyways, Lily is a total girly girl, but not a mean one. She is really friendly! She also is very pretty and always has a positive outlook on life which is very hard to do sometimes. Lily has dirty blond hair that is medium length and she usually wears it in a high ponytail. Did I mention she is the captain of the cheer-leading squad? Usually all their pep annoys me, but she is different from them all. She does it more to compete in competitions and the tumbling part of the sport. She only does football cheerleading because she thinks basketball cheerleading is so overrated, which I would completely agree with, though personally I'm not a huge fan of football cheerleading either. I put up with her sport for a short season and she puts up with my dreadful outfits for years, so I really have no right in this matter.
this story is supposed to illustrate realistic situations - something the reader can relate to. this isn't a fairytale, or a story where everyone is always happy and gets what they want. the situations described are ones that people go through daily (some situations not as much). Basically, I based this story off of accounts I have seen in my own town and throughout my time living near a poor, poverty stricken city.
i labeled this story as boyxboy simply because there will be gay relationships. this doesn't necessarily mean smut, but rather a normal romantic relationship between two males. if you don't like that, don't read.
"What do you want?" I asked Jacob as he followed close behind me.
He stopped and looked at my face. "I don't know. I feel something weird in my chest when you look at me. And whenever you talk I feel like my stomach is going to explode, but I want it to."
I stared at him in confusion before backing up slowly. "Okay, well I-"
"I think I'm in love." He announced suddenly.
"Excuse me?" I asked him with wide eyes.
"With you. I think I'm in love with you." He said as he walked towards me and trapped me between the hallway wall and his body. "And I'm not going to give up until you're mine."
.....
Jacob Palmer. Druggie. Addicted. Addictive. Scary. Intimidating. Sexy. Possessive.
He has been called all of the above and many more things. But all of those ones are true. He is a druggie. He is addicted, as well as addictive. He is scary and intimidating. And he is undeniably sexy. And when he found something he liked, he became SUPER possessive.
He did every drug in the book. Cocaine, nicotine, weed, you name it. But the one thing he never got addicted to was love. Sure he's had plenty of "partners", but he never cared about any of them.
But one night, one night changed everything. One night, he ran into a small, sassy, and sweet boy named Timothy.
Now, Timothy Clark has never even gone near a cigarette, let alone drugs. So, when Jacob enters his life and brings in all this trouble and drugs.
Well, Timothy better buckle up because this is going to be one hell of a ride.
.....
© 2015 Copyright. MGN All Rights Reserved.
"Thomas I need the shower!" I scream at the top of my lungs. My younger brother, Thomas, continues to ignore my desperate plea for hygiene as he belts out Adele's Rolling in the Deep, extremely out of tune might I add. I groan in frustration and storm down the hall to my twin brother, Carter.
Carter has got both his feet artfully propped atop his desk as he bops his head along to whatever distasteful music he's listening to.
I collapse to the ground and wait for him to turn around and notice me. Quickly, I become irritated with waiting, I have a very selective patience, and toss a stress ball at Carter's face.
It feels as though Carter is moving in slow motion as he keels over and topples to the ground. He angrily twists around to face me and, with the combined effect of his beanie askew and the bewildered expression on his face, I burst out laughing.
"What do you want?" Carter asks bitterly, rubbing the his head furiously.
It takes me a full minute to compose myself before I am able to spurt out an answer, "Thomas is hogging the bathroom," I complain.
"Not my problem," Carter turns to his computer and flicks open aol instant messenger. Who even uses that anymore? I didn't even know it still existed. The perfect idea of how to get Carter to reenforce my side suddenly strikes me.
I haul my nosy butt off the ground and lean on Carter to get a proper view of his screen.
"Whatcha doin?" I ask with the most irritating voice I can muster.
"AHHH," Carter scrambles to cover his conversation. He turns to me, looking thoroughly annoyed, "what's up with you?"
"Thomas is hogging the shower," I repeat myself and lean on Carter's bed.
"Can't you get help from someone else? You have three other brothers" Carter asks irritatedly as I lean my head down all the way to rest on Carter's soft comforter.
"Jason is at the grocery store, oh and I told him to grab that three spiral notebook you wanted, Scott is at the auto shop, and Ryder is at the library. Since the shower isn't free, I think I'll just stay here until it is." I not so subtly threaten.
I make myself comfortable on his bed as Carter simply stares at me.
"You're a piece of work, you know that?" he mumbles as he gets to his feet. I gleefully follow him to the bathroom
"I have to be - I have five brothers," I agree. I patiently wait beside him as he bangs on the door.
"Thomas let her take a shower," Carter spouts in his voice fraught with authority. Each of my brothers have mastered being the authoritative, parental figure.
My parents are both doctors, surgeons actually, and while they are loving and caring, they're just a little... absent. Family dinners occur when both mom and dad are out of surgery and they call us over to the hospital to scarf down hospital food as we try and catch up. Practically growing up without parents made each one of my brothers defensive, and the object of their protection was me, the lone girl in the pack. Even Thomas, two years my junior, will come to my defense in a blink of an eye.
All that said and done, that doesn't mean my brothers don't like to annoy or bother me. In fact, teasing me is their favorite hobby. They've even made a game of it, with bets and a scoreboard and everything. The rules are constantly changing though, so I haven't quite figured out how to beat them at it. It's not like I've tried... that much.
Thomas and Carter argue back and forth while I run to my room to grab my towel. When I return, I see Thomas exiting the bathroom.
"Thanks Carter!" I toss out behind me as I shut the bathroom door.
I'm in the middle of shampooing my hair when I hear a banging on the door and a mumbled sound. I shut off the water.
"What?" I shout.
"Ara, mom and dad called for last minute dinner in an hour, we gotta leave the house in ten minutes." I hear Ryder's voice.
I immediately panic. Ten minutes? I rush through my shower and finish in record time and, double checking that my towel is secure, sprint to my room and try to figure out what to wear.
I haven't seen my parents since... two months ago. Or maybe it was three? I just know I really want to be on point when I see them, but I don't know how I do that in.... six minutes?!
I quickly decide on my go to favorite dress and throw that on with my favorite wedges and my usual makeup,very limited since I'm pretty much handicap at makeup (I was raised by guys).
Before I know it, I'm crammed in the car with all five of my brothers headed to the hospital. My oldest brother, Jason, attends Peabody institute which is a branch of Johns Hopkins. He is about to start his sophomore year and lives at home with us and crashes at his friend's dorm during finals, midterms and for major projects. He is studying music and is a brilliant master of quite a few instruments. My parents, Lydia and Grayson, work at Johns Hopkins Hospital. Mom is the head of cardiothoracic surgery and dad is head of the department of neurosurgery.
I ignore whatever conversation the boys have for going on and try to settle the butterflies in my stomach. Often, we have gone to the hospital, only to find that mom or dad or both of them have gotten called into emergency surgery and we had to go back. There's a high possibility that will happen again.
I drum my fingers aimlessly against my armrest as I attempt, once again, fruitfully, to calm my nerves. My idiotic brothers are too involved with their current squabble, about god knows what, to notice me - but that's okay. In fact, it's what I prefer.
I let my mind wander and when I refocus I look out the window to see the familiar entrance to the hospital. Jason parks and we go through the usual routine to see mom and dad.
We decide to grab our food now, but wait to eat for a few minutes to see if mom and dad show up.
Surprisingly, as we are in line, mom and dad come rushing into the cafeteria. We step out of line and hug our parents furiously. I was first in line so I was the last one to greet out parents.
"Arabella," my mom breathes and gives me a wide grin as she pulls me into a right hug. I relish the feeling and try not to cry, I guess I miss my parents more than I want to admit.
I look over my mom's shoulder and see dad smiling brightly at me. Mom releases me and dad engulfs me in his strong arms. I love my parents so much and I often find myself wishing they weren't surgeons so I could see them everyday. But how selfish is that? My parents are saving lives every day. When they are doing such good things, how could I want them to stop?
We return to the line and grab our food as Thomas starts to rattle off a story about what happened to him at baseball practice last week. I've heard this story a thousand times so I just stay quiet throughout his account.
We grab a table in the far corner of the cafeteria and start to catch up with our parents.
"Arabella, are you excited for the school year to start?" dad eventually asks me.
"I'm kind of nervous because it's junior year and that's the one that counts but it's school, so it should be alright. It could be so much better but the entire school system is screwy and -" I start to ramble but Carter, who is sitting beside me gently squeezes my knee to stop me, "um yeah I'm... excited."
Satisfied with this answer, dad turns to ask Jason about his music theory professor from last semester who he was friends with in high school.
I take another slice of pizza and look up to see my mom staring sadly at me.
"What's wrong mom?" I ask, putting my pizza back on the plate. She shakes her head and puts her hand on dad's to get his attention. Dad was previously in a heated discussion about this past Super Bowl but he turns to look at mom. She has an unreadable expression on her face and dad nods his head. They turn to look at us.
"We have an announcement to make."
Unedited & written on my phone so sorry if it's a little weird. Thanks for reading and I'll post again when I can, hopefully soon!
Step one: Wake up.Step two: Go down the hallway and wake up Matthew.Step three: Go into the room across from Matthew’s and wake up Jude.Step four: Repeat step two because Matthew probably went back to sleep already.Step five: Take a five minute shower and clean my face, brush my teeth and hair, and dry my hair. Step six: Repeat step two again and threaten him with a bucket of cold water if he doesn’t wake up. He knows I’m good on that promise.Step seven: Make sure Jude is wearing underwear (and it’s clean). I let him dress himself so sometimes he forgets.Step eight: Get dressed. Step nine: Listen for the shower running to make sure that Matthew is finally up.Step ten: Style my hair and do my makeup.Step eleven: Double check that Jude has completed all of his homework and that it is in his backpack.Step twelve: Get the milk and cereal out and peel two oranges and a banana for breakfast.Step thirteen: Remember that I forgot to pack Jude’s lunch the night before and hurriedly put something together for him. Step fourteen: Make sure my homework is done. If not, do it. If it is, put it in my bag.Step fifteen: Tell Jude to make sure Matthew is getting up and ready and then tell them both to come out and eat breakfast before it’s too late. Step sixteen: Eat breakfast at the table with Matthew and Jude with tired small talk.Step seventeen: Drive Jude to the elementary school.Step eighteen: Drive myself and Matthew to high school to start the day.
I hate mornings. There are very few things that I hate more than having to wake up at 5:30 A.M. five days out of the week. Not only do I have to wake up, but I also have to make sure that my two younger brothers are up and getting ready as well. Matthew is even worse with mornings than I am and Jude is just all over the place all of the time so I have to act like a tow truck to make sure that Matt wakes up and gets ready on time and that Jude stays focused on his morning tasks long enough to make sure that he’s ready on time as well. My eighteen step plan for weekday mornings works pretty much all of the time but it’s still exhausting to make sure that nothing is ever forgotten.
“You need to calm down,” Matt informs me as he’s scribbling quickly to finish his math homework after I’d scolded him for not doing it last night.
“No, I don’t,” I argue. “You need to do your homework.”
There’s a small pot hole in the road- not big enough to make me swerve around it, but enough to jolt the car- and when the front right wheel dives into the small hole in the road, Matt’s pencil scrapes along his paper, creating a long line from where he was writing moments ago to the edge of the paper. He curses under his breath. “I am doing my homework.”
“You should have done it yesterday,” I refute. “If you did, then you wouldn’t have to explain to your teacher why there’s a huge line across your paper.”
“That’s not a big deal. The important thing is that it’ll get done,” He assures me with an annoyed eye roll as we pull into the student parking lot of our high school. Teenagers are swarming the building, readying for another day of education and tormenting and I get out of the driver’s seat with my black leather heels clacking against the pavement.
“Whatever,” I sigh. “Just make sure that it gets done. Are you coming?”
He shakes his head. “I have to finish this before I go inside.”
“Fine, just make sure that you lock the doors when you leave,” I remind him before shutting my door with my bag over my shoulder as I walk towards the side entrance to our large high school.
  all she want is to talk to someone with out being pitted. or judged. or looked down on.  She sick and tired of people continuously thinking their better than her. or calling her names that she isn't  or getting kicked around like a piece of trash. She's basically living in hell. All she wants is to be normal and not get treated differently.Her home life is hell.Her school life is hell.Everything around her either turns bad or worse. She is now scared of anything good that comes her way. Her heart can't take any more pain. She never lets anyone have a second chance because she thinks of it as giving them another bullet for their gun because they missed the first time. She has been through hell and back but has never given up. She has lost all hope for thinking things will get better. She's strong but people still think of her as a weak little girl even though shes 16.How do I know all of this? you may ask. Well I know because I am her. My name is Raeanne but nobody knows that. Not like my name is very important to them. I'm either invisible or a punching bag to them. Bruises cover my body everyday but nobody ever stops to ask what happened or if i'm okay they just walk right passed me like a piece of gum on a side walk. My parents don't care about me. Or should I say parent. My mom died when I was around 6. It was tough on me but nobody even bothered to say "Sorry for your loss" or "I hope you can move on from this." My family hates me. Now my "Dad" has remarried and she's worse than Cinderellas step mother. Way worse. So that's my life and if you want to know what happens when a group of badass boys walk into town and decide to, and I quote, "Save me" then read on because you will find adventure, love, hate, jealousy, fun, action, and a whole lot more....Hey guys this is my new book and I hope you enjoy it. If you haven't read my other book them go read it after this one!-BloodAngel :)  

First of all, 
Thank you so much for even looking at my book; It means a lot to me. I just wanted to take an opportunity say a few things before you start reading. 
1. This book will have a lot a crude humor. If you're not a fan, you should probably find another book. 
2. A lot of people ask what condition does the main character have, and I'd like to respond with: she doesn't have a specific, diagnosed disorder. Her disorder is meant to be so much more advanced and destructive than what you would normally see. 
3. I have a lot of typos and grammatical mistakes that I hope to go back and fix one day. 
4. I hope that you feel free enough to comment whatever you want on this story or to message me about any of my grammatical errors. I always love seeing what you guys have to say. Have fun and enjoy. 
Love Always, 
Lana xo. 


Twitter: lanasullivan_
Insta: Lana.sullivan
Email: lxnxsxllxvxn(at)gmail.com
"Bitch! I'm in front of your house, hurry the fuck up" my crazy best friend shouted on the phone telling me she is already here ready to go school. 
"Get in the house, ain't it" I told her closing the phone. I took a last glance in the mirror placing my hand in my long, straight, blond hair. Maya was in my hall giving me a look. "On ma life if we're late, I'll beat the shit out of you" she had her pissed off look. "Jeez, chill. I know you wouldn't cause you love me too much" I stuck my tongue out at her and she admitted that it was true. I shouted a "Bye" to my mother that was in the kitchen, then got out the house. 
We hurried up to take the bus. "This hot guy texted me you know. And he got a friend too. Maybe I could put you and his friend together" she suggested and I rolled my eyes. 
"I don't date strangers" I uttered. "Yeah, sure. Well, I think that the reason you never wanna try new relationships is because of Andrew" she made a face. She knew me so well. I just blushed when hearing his name. Now, who was Andrew? Andrew was my crush for two years now. I would never have a chance with him as he is popular and attractive, and I must say I am not, and also I look like a baked potato. 
I ignored her, getting in the bus. Maya looked at her watch feeling relieved as we still had time. I made a 'I told you' face and she just rolled her eyes. Maya was my other half, my sister by soul and my best friend. She was here for me since day one, we've been friends from almost 4 years, and I really love this bitch. 
"Rose, did you make me a sandwich as well?" She asked sitting on the opposite side of me as the bus was almost empty. I nodded. "Why do I have to make you food?" I laughed. 
"Because you love me and because your sandwiches are so good" she was right about both facts and I just smirked. 
~Chapter 1~
           "I hate my life," I murmur under my breath as I slowly pack my luggage. 
There's many possibilities as to why in the world would I be staying at a strangers house for months. I could be kicked out from my house, ran away from home, a foster child, the possibilities are endless. Fortunately however, that's not my case. My mom isn't exactly a famous model, she works for a small modelling agency and makes enough money for a living. Two weeks ago she got informed that they need her for an advertising campaign in New York, which by the way is 43 hours away from where I live, California. My mom saw this chance as a once-in-a-life opportunity, her bags were packed before I knew.
         "Honey are you done packing yet?" She yells from downstairs. I could feel her face boil with anger, because I had spent four hours packing for my stay.
           "Why can't I just stay in this house alone? I'll be fine mom I promise you! Please?" I begged desperately for the millionth time. By this point, a lot of parents would give in to their daughters desperation, but my mom was different. 
            "I thought we already discussed this," she sighed, "don't worry, Maura is a very nice person, and I've been best friends with her since high school! She also has 2 boys so you'll all get along just fine, I promise." 
          Because the presence of two males would definitely reassure me. "Now I'm coming upstairs to bring down the luggage!"
           My mom, and a few of our neighbours helped bring my luggage downstairs; which by the way, 'felt as heavy as rocks'.  But what's a girl without her clothes? After a short drive, I found myself standing on the doorsteps of Maura's house. Their house was gigantic! In fact, I think gigantic is too small of a word to describe it. It almost looked like a mansion. Scratch that, it was a mansion. They must be filthy rich to afford a house like that. Wait, what if I get lost in the house?
              Let me tell you this, when you're an overcautious socially awkward 17-year-old, life is different, and not in a good way. 
         "Remember perfect behaviour, no staying up late, don't cause any trouble, no bringing friends over unless you ask Maura's permission first, sleepovers only twice a week, and curfew at 11. Be nice to Maura and tell her I'll call her." 
At Brakebills University magic is very, very real. Only the most gifted magicians in the world are granted acceptance—like Quentin Coldwater.
Quentin spent a whole semester trying to stop and destroy The Beast—a mysterious, evil force who has a serious problem with, um, everything, and was determined to use his power to put an end to Quentin and his friends. 
But in his search for The Beast, Quentin discovered that this wasn't his first run-in with him. Thanks to a powerful time spell, it was actually the 40th time he and his friends had gone head to head with him.  And it wasn't pretty. To see what happened that time, and get a full recap of season one of The Magicians watch this Season 1 Recap:  
Season one showcased the most recent of unsuccessful encounters with the Beast.  The 39 other epic battles are still a mystery.  
Your challenge is to create a 1,500 word short story telling us about one of the other times that Quentin and his friends battled the Beast.
Tag your tale with #BattleTheBeast and post the link to your completed story in the comments below so we know it's up. The 10 top stories as selected by our Wattpad staff will be featured in a reading list on the Syfy profile, and sent to The Magicians elite judging panel which includes Lev Grossman, author of The Magicians book trilogy that was adapted by Syfy and the executive producers of the series. 
One winning entry, as selected by The Magicians judging panel, will receive $10,000.00 USD and be turned into a digital short to be featured on The Magicians social profiles.
Consider the thought starters below for your entries:
-  Can you think of a new character that could help Quentin finally defeat The Beast?
-  Which of Quentin's friends should he call upon for help?  
-  What new special spells could Quentin and his friends use to bring down The Beast?
-  Could Quentin and his friends use the power of time travel to their advantage?  
Submit your stories by February 8th at 11:59pm PST.
Submission Guidelines:
1.       Your story must be in English
2.       Your story can be a maximum of 1,500 Words. Anything over that will be disqualified!
3.       Entrants must be legal residents of the United States and at least 18 years of age at the time of entry.
4.       You can enter as many times as you want, as long as your entries meet our guidelines.
5.       Your story must be original and created by YOU!
6.       Your story must be tagged #BattleTheBeast
MAJOR NOTE
If you are looking for a perfect book, with no grammar issues, no phrasing issues, and sometimes getting a characters name off. 
Then I recommend you stop reading now.
I am not a perfect writer, not by any means. There are going to be mistakes, and if you can't take that, maybe you shouldn't be reading on Wattpad. Because this a place to LEARN and not to BE PERFECT. If you're a perfect writer, send me a link to your published book and I'd be happy to read it.  
I have heard the whole "If you can't take it, then don't put your books in public."  crap. 
There is a difference between CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM ans just CRITICISM. 
There are so many writers on here that don't know the difference, and if you're one of them, please refrain from reading this or any other book on her that isn't actually physically published. Because everybody makes mistakes, even Dan Brown and Stephen King and Stephine Meyer.
For those of you that are the great people that don't put people's work down, continue on! I'd love to hear your opinion. You guys are great. 
Thanks for your consideration
ChasingMadness24 (Kyra)


Hope you'll enjoy!


Copyright


Love you!
~ChasingMadness24
Meet nerdy girl and the badboy and heart throb in their school. 
Violet Choi I'm the campus nerd. Hindi ako nag iisa pero ako yung pinaka binubully hindi ko alam kung anong problema nila sakin. Ang bait ko kaya. 
Yushin Hye the bad boy at bully  ng school. Isa na ako sa mga binubully nya nung dumating ako sa school na yon. 
Mabilis na pagbabago ang naranasan ko sa school na ito. Mabilis na pangyayari ang mga nangyari. Sa isang iglap na paibig ko ang isang taong pinangarap ng iba. 
Start:November 20 2016 published.End:                           ~*~
           The Nerdy's Sacrifice               By: AjPiggyBeyb
... Please Vote and Comment. Thanks for reading Hope you like it... 
Silver 
The cold November wind blew in my face as my momma drove me back to my old home. I hadn't said a word to her and the times she would speak to me I made no effort to respond. I could feel Her looking over at me every few seconds  .Shock was evident all over my Mommas face when she saw me at the airport, if she thought I was bad then I was worse now. My dad accepted me and he let me do whatever I desired. I had gotten a few tattoos here and there which were pretty hard to miss. Honestly I was surprised she didn't have a fit. 
"Well we're here, " She announced unbuckling her seatbelt. 
I slowly got out of the van and looked at the house I hadn't seen in years. The house that held so many memories. 
My Mom walked over to me and stared at the house also. 
"It's exactly how you left it Silver, " She smiled. 
I ignored her attempt to start a conversation and made my way to the trunk to get my luggage. Mom opened Up the House and I started taking my luggage up to my old room. 
When I was done I took a minute to just take everything in. I walked over to a picture frame that had a small collage of pictures on the wall. It was pictures of me and my old best friend Odene. All the memories Slowly started coming back. Odene was always that One Friend Who was extremely shy. She wore glasses and had small freckles on her face, she use to brighten up my day when I was down. When I left Odene contacted me every day every week for a year and then she suddenly stopped. I eventually came over the hurt and pushed her to the back of my mind until now. 
I took the collage off the wall and shoved it into the black trash bag I had. I took down everything symbolic to my childhood and dumped them into the trash bag. My mom had gotten me a Queen sized bed in place of the twin sized One I had. That afternoon I stayed in the bedroom and re-designed everything to my liking. 
Tomorrow I was starting a new school and I was not looking forward to it. At my current highschool I was of course the most popular stud in school in my opinion I was the highlight of everyone's Life. Now I would officially be a nobody at this new school and I was planning on keeping it that way since I'll be out of highschool in due time .
♣♣♣♣♣♣
"Have a nice day at school today,"My mom chimed before driving off. 
Fixing my backpack that was slung over my shoulder I began my walk towards the entrance of the school. As soon as I walked through those doors Everybody was staring at me. I rolled my eyes and began looking for the secretary office so that I could get my schedule. When I finally made it to the office I rapped on the doors before opening it. 
A girl was standing in the office along with a middle aged woman. 
"Good Morning, "I greeted flatly. 
The lady smiled, "Good morning, how may I help you today? "
"I'm a new student and I need a Schedule, "
I answered all the questions she asked me and soon received the schedule. My eyes raked over the schedule and I took a mental note of the class I had First before folding it and placing it in my back pocket. 
"Kacy, show this Young lady around and take her to her classes, "The lady who's name I Now knew as Mrs.Garrison instructed the Girl who was in the room. 
"Sure thing mam, " The Girl replied. 
I headed out the door with the girl walking behind me. She walked up to me and walked side by side with me. 
"My name is Kacy, " she said with a bright smile. 
"Silver, " I replied. 
When she realized I wasn't going to say anything else she started talking. 
"What class do you have First? " 
"History, "
"That's great we have the same class, "
"Yay me, " I muttered. 
As I followed Kacy to History class she continued to talk to me and although I didn't reply much I actually didn't mind. We walked into the classroom and I took the window seat in the back Kacy sitting next to me. The bell rang and people started flooding into the classroom. You know you gotta class why wait till last minute to actually get to the class. I rolled my eyes as I tapped my fingers on the desk. I didn't go  unnoticed because most people were looking at me whilst whispering. I didn't really get the point of them trying to whisper If I could still hear them loud and clear. 
"Ignore them, " Kacy said rolling her eyes. 
"I definitely plan on it, "
The teacher rolled into the class and unlike other teachers she didn't ask me to introduce myself. I scribbled on the notepad I pulled out not really paying anything any mind  .
I heard the door open and the teacher stopped teaching. 
"Why are you late to my class? " I heard the teacher ask. 
"I didn't feel like coming early, " I heard a female's voice reply. 
I decided on looking up and I watched the girl at the front from her feet upwards. As soon as I looked at her face my eyes widened in surprise. 
Odene. I was shocked by her new appearance. She was taller, about two inches taller than me. She wore no glasses and the most shocking thing of all she was a stud. She was actually looking fine too. She must have felt me looking because at that moment we made I contact. Her face held the same reaction I had before returning to the state it was before. 
"Take your seat, " The teacher instructed and she did as told taking a seat a few seats away from me. 
I got back to my scribbling feeling everyone's eyes on me once more. 
Old Friend Old News. 
♠♠♠♠
Silver. 
Odene. 
-I unpublished the other two book ,but I'mma bring them back. 
 Rubbing my tired eyes I trudged over to my closet wrapped around in my purple fluffy towel. My closet wasn't big, nor was my apartment, or the amount of  clothes hidden in the closet.
I lived alone, my parents were killed by the mafia when I was eleven, my older brother max looked after me till I was eighteen, and now. I live alone, I also haven't seen my brother in about a year.
 I pulled on a simple lose Grey t-shirt and some light blue skinny jeans paired it with some black ankle boots sand a leather black  jacket. 
On my way out the door I grabbed my head phones and bag along with a apple. I closed the door locking it and made my way quietly and quickly down the street to the bus stop.
No I didn't have a car, I barley had enough money for food clothes and keeping the apartment. So I had to catch the bus, a few other unlucky pupils from my school caught the bus as well, but none dared to speak a word to me.
You see I'm what you would label, the bad girl. I didn't always want to be it I just always have been, the way I was raised has affected who I am, I know that if I had a lovely family that sat at the table with me to eat ever night, I probably wouldn't be who I am today.
I'm not complaining, I like myself, I do. But Im, not saying I like my family. Me and my brother don't talk much, only ever meeting up for Christmas or birthdays but that stopped last year, we don't have any other relatives. Cause most were stupid enough to join to mafia, and not a strong one at that.
The mafia they worked for was one of the weakest, only holding fifty to sixty people in it, most died the night of the attack, everybody at least injured. 
They were attacked by the strongest British  mafia, the snipers. Known for there perfect leader, Ethan Gray. 
Living in England, you couldn't go one day without hearing whispers about him, either about his good looks, or his profession in breaking girls hearts, he didn't show any emotion but anger or rudeness, but  once you got to know him, he was a big softy.
That Is what the rumours say, I've never had the pleasure of meeting  the man. 
The bus pulled up and carelessly I got on paying the bus driver the money before taking my seat near the middle off the buss, I plugged in my headphones turning on my music to block out the chatter of the other  bus riders. 
The bus came to a halt, the bus driver got up walking over to me. Pulling out my headphones."No eating on the bus" she growled at, it took me a moment to take in what she said before I snuck my teeth into the juicy Apple taking a mouthful.  
Just before words could fly out of her mouth to protest a mouthful off Apple flew out of my mouth, hitting her smack in the face.
Her face quickly turned from anger to disgust."Now, you drive the f*cking bus, I'll eat my f*cking Apple, and get off at my stop leaving you in peace for the rest of the day" I snapped putting my headphones back in. 
She stomped away starting the bus again, I looked up every now and then to see people staring but quickly reverting there gaze as I raised a eyebrow at them.
The bus finally pulled up at my school and I got out waving my middle finger in her face as I jumped off. I lifted my index finger up to my forehead knocking down the sun glasses that sat on top of my head. 
It was normal for me to get stares but not as many as I was getting today. I got to my locker still trying to figure out the great mystery of my people were looking at me, when Victoria tried  to strut over, key word. Tried. Followed by her minions.
"Awe just when I thought my day was going good" I sighed slamming my locker shut .
"Good day?" She scoffed "then why did you spit Apple at the principles new girlfriend?" She smirked "he said that you have to go to his office now" she smiled placing her slim hands onto her hips as she did a little jump.
"Did he now oh yuppie" I replied copying  her little jump. " but honestly babe. Does it look like I care" I asked raising the sunglasses off my face. Her mouthed  moved trying to form words although nothing came out."Hun it looks like your having a mouth seizure that's probably cause of all the Botox you have, it's starting to affect your brain " I smiled lifting her mouth.
"This face is real!" She called as I walked off"Real? I couldn't tell if it was or not under that pound of makeup caked poorly onto your face" I shot back and walked into the principles office
"It's disrespectful that you treat people of the public this way, mis Martin." He said moving around the mass of papers on his desk.
"She was being a b*tch" I defended leaning back in my seat.
"Language!" He gasped and I rolled my eyes.
"Detention Wednesday after school , make sure your there or I'll have to call your parents" he said handing me a detention slip.
"Call them if you want, you'll be waiting a while for them to pick up" i said gathering my stuff as I began to walk out.
"Oh sorry phoebe it slipped my mind, but don't let that detention slip your mind " he apologised giving me a curt nod witch I replied to giving one back as I walked out of his office forcefully slamming the door.
Today is not a good day, I'm just going to go home.
I was waiting for the bus when it finally, pulled up, I got on taking my seat, right now it should be about period three. After about ten minutes, the usual amount of time it takes me to get home I looked up to see I was on the other side of town, known as the dangerous part.
The streets almost seemed deserted, messy graffiti all over the walls.
Come on guys, if your going to graffiti at least put some effort into it.
Rubbish floated in the wind bending around the buildings . I spun my head around to look the other way, to find it was just me, and one other person and the bus driver on the bus. There was an old man asleep leaning Against the window and just before I was about to open my mouth to ask why the bus was here he pulled a bottle to his lips.
I gasped as I saw it was alcohol, sure I had the bad girl reputation, but I didn't wanna die because of his stupid actions.
"Stop the bus!" I yelled causing the bus driver to jump and the old man to wake up with a grunt.
The bus came to a quick holt and I picked up my jacket and bag quickly scurrying off the bus. 
It drove off with a puff of smoke filling the dark sky. Just my luck, it began to rain. I sighed and slipped my cold arms into my jacket and hugged my bag in hopes to keep my phone dry.
I pulled my math book out of my bag holding it above my head, this situation really is a win win, I stay a little dryer, and have an excuse not to do my math homework, even though I wasn't going to do it anyway. 
I kept my eyes on the ground making sure I didn't trip over any sticks or rocks, witch was a bad idea, because I ended bumping into to something and falling on my but.
I looked up scoffing to see that it was a man, sure it was partly my fault but he could have been watching as well. He peeled his hood off his head and I stared in shock at who it was.
The mafia king.
Ethan grays.
___________________________________________________________So how was the prologue? This is my first time writing a book like this so no promises it's going to be any good. I hope you liked it though, I'll try and update soon.
Please comment what you think
And please vote!!
Thanks for reading 
Stay strong 
-Lucy
B L U R B 

You could say that a lot has happened to Evie Autumn over the past few years.
1. Her best friend died (kind of ) and she found out that everyone she knew were immortal-walking-on-the-earth Greek gods.
2. She fell in love with the ruler of Hell (kind of) - who got very pouty when she called him that - and agreed to become his new Queen.
3. She battled jealous sea gods and scary titans; a big fight which really, all could have been avoided with a big family therapy session.
Yup, life sure was calmer than it had been in a while. 
Not that Evie missed the chaos or anything; she totally loved sitting around all day with the love of her life, alternating between telling people how to live their afterlives and telling Hades that he really needed to educate his Disney movie knowledge (lots of cuddling was expected during this education, of course).
But then that serene bubble was shattered when, once again, her life was maliciously twisted out of proportion right in front of her; and on her wedding day, no less.
Once again, Evie must race against the clock to save the love of her life - and the world, of course - before time runs out; but this time, the stakes are much higher.
This time, it's not just the fate of the world on the line.
It's Evie's heart too.

— — — 
YOU GUYS!
I could not be more excited to finally be able to publish this story so you can all ready it! It's been hiding in the corners of my laptop for so long, and it's been killing me that I haven't uploaded it yet because I'm just so damn excited!
Yes, you all read correctly. This is, in the flesh (pages?), an official Hades sequel! That's right, this whole book will be about our favourite power couple (well I mean I hope they are; you wouldn't be here otherwise) in the world! And yes, I know I said I wouldn't write a sequel, but, well, I lied.
And don't lie to me, I know you're all secretly happy that I lied ;-)
So. Here it is! Keep your eyes posted on this space, because this story will be underway soon! (hopefully!) Let me know how excited you all are; this story wouldn't exist without your amazing support! 
I'M SO EXCITED YAY :D
xx
Ah não tô acreditando que faltam dois dias para acabar as férias!
Acordo com a minha irmã em cima de mim, beijando-me e sacudindo-me, mas que droga essa garota não dorme não? Aposto que deve ser 8h30m.
Abro os meus olhos e adivinha o que eu fiz com essa loira óxigênada? Se você pensou em jogar ela da cama você acertou, eu tive que fazer isso!
- Sai sua gorda loira de farmácia. - digo empurrando-a de cima de mim.
-Nossa! Bruxa nerd, maior pentelha ridícula! - diz rindo de mim e do meu cabelo que provavelmente deve está parecendo um ninho de pássaros, aff's.
Vou para o banheiro e faço as minhas higiênes e desço para tomar café e adivinha quem está na cozinha? 
O idiota pervertido do meu vizinho eu não falei dele né senhoras e senhores? Bom ele mora aqui no bairro desde o ano passado estudou e vai estudar na minha escola, o nome dele é Liam Bucker's tem 17 anos é atleta, muito popular entre as garotas da escola, pegador, pervertido, garanhão - apenas para as idiotas por que para mim ele não é -, e falso, ele é mais falso do que cópia de marca original.
Voltando a realidade...
(1) - ice cream(2) - gift(3) - cell phone(4) - barbecue(5) - clara(6) - dinner(7) - tutoring(8) - space(9) - party(10) - eyes(11) - girlfriend(12) - touch(13) - fight(14) - meiosis(15) - soup(16) - coffee(17) - doorbell(18) - park(19) - movies(20) - hospital(21) - writing(22) - accelerate(23) - gone(24) - truth(25) - practice(26) - game(27) - end(28) - rebuilding(29) - notebook(30) - library(31) - car wash(32) - attack(33) - unblock(34) - sunset(35) - nap(36) - closet(37) - curb(38) - church(39) - christmas(40) - the incident(41) - bikini(42) - question(43) - closure(44) - birthday(45) - finale
Okaaay well this is my first story guys:))) hope you enjoy and I'll post every Friday or Saturday:) Leave comments or suggestions and that's about it:DAudrey is in the media:D 
PROLOGUE
A guy hovered above my helpless body as I was tied down on a single bed. I screamed on the top of my lungs but no one seemed to hear me. I tried again but the guy was holding a pointy object in his hands, I squeezed my eyes shut before the pain slice through my stomach.
My eyes snapped open and I was in my room. Jeez! Just a dream. I thought I was dead for a second, this was the first nightmare I had since I was five. It sucks and every time I have nightmares; something horrible will happen, like I lost my dad in a car accident days after I had my nightmare 12 years ago. Remembering him makes me sad because I love my dad so much.
I got up off bed then tied my hair into a ballerina bun as I drag myself downstairs towards the kitchen without changing off my pyjamas. 
"Morning honey," My mom said cheerily as she eat breakfast and read the morning paper with my step dad. Well, Steve married my mom a year ago and they've been dating for 3 years. Were not really close but we get along just fine. 
I sat on one of the island stool and Lucy, (our cook) served me a plate of scrambled eggs with bacon, I smiled at her and forked down the eggs.
"Are you sure it's okay with Audrey?" Steven asked my mom and I was intrigued by what they're talking about. 
"Totally, they'll have fun," They? What? It's like I'm not even in the room and they're talking in private. I cleared my throat loudly and they both look at me with different expressions, Steven looked nervous while mom looked super excited.
"Uhm... What's going on?"I asked, crunching on the bacon. They traded glances then mom opened her mouth.
"Audrey, well sweetie, remember Tristan?" Oh crap. Please don't tell me his going for a visit. I huffed out a breath and turned away.
"I told you she's not gonna like it Marissa," Steven whispered a little loudly but my mom swapped him away.
"Non sense! Audrey likes the idea, right Audrey?" My mom widen her eyes at me to give me a warning to shush up and I curtly nodded, that eased up Steven a bit and this time he spoke but before any sound come out of him, the door bell rang.
"Are you expecting anyone?" I asked and my mom grinned widely. Oh boy that's not good. 
I hopped off my stool and walked towards the foyer to see who disturbed my lovely morning and no doubt it's Tristan Meyers. 
My foot was suddenly planted on ground and time froze. I shifted my eyes from his face towards the door where three super large luggage rested on the patio. You've got to be kidding me.
Tristan's gaze was fixed on his phone as he walked across the house, heading towards the kitchen where I stood frozen. 
Well I hated Tristan the first time I met him because he's just plainly rude and annoying. He walked past me without any word or greetings and headed straight to the kitchen. What a jerk right? Actually Tristan is a player, when I say player, he doesn't play sports, I mean girls, and he hit on my friends and it kinda sucked because they all crawled to me and cried on how my step brother used them. It's their fault they wanted to be used.
Tristan is 6'2, honey blonde hair, lean muscular body and dreamy ocean blue eyes (according to most females). We can never be mistaken as siblings because I'm 4 inch shorter, light brown hair, slim body and greyish hazel eyes, were also the same age. Yep were opposite and age is the only thing we share in common. Last time I saw him was last year in my mom's wedding.
Whenever my friends tell me that he's hot, I groan and disagree but they'll just defend him and call me blind for it so I just shut up.
I trailed up behind him and snatched my iPhone off my back pocket to not look like a loner who've just been ignored.
When I was about to enter my huge kitchen, I heard Steven's manly voice as he greeted his son. I didn't bother walking in and just turned on my heel but my mom's voice caught me on track.
"Audrey!" She shouted, not having an idea that I'm just a few feet away. I took in a deep breath and walked slowly passed the french doors. Tristan's back was facing me and I was glad he wasn't anticipating my appearance.
"Yes?" I raised both my brows in a questioning look, mom gave me a serious look but I pretended not to have any clue on what she wanted me to do when it's obvious she wants me to say hi.
"Didn't you guys cross path just about now?" She quirked her brows at me. Psh, never will i ever cross path with that asshole. 
Tristan turned around to face me but I kept my face blank without emotion. We both locked eyes for about a couple of seconds and I was the one who broke the stare. I looked back and he was grinning at me with, flashing his perfect white teeth. 
"Okay why is this douchebag in my house?" The question was pointed towards my mom and Steven but he answered sarcastically.
"Because I want to stay in California," He smirked as he check out my body. For heaven's sake! I'm his sister by marriage! I crossed my arms in front of my chest because I felt naked by his smoldering eyes. 
"Language Audrey," Mom warned me. I rolled my eyes because everyone is being pathetic right now.
"Whatever! Care to explain why he's here?" I made eye contact with both the adult in the room but not Tristan. Steven went back to looking nervous.
"You haven't told her yet?" Tristan looked at both of them then locked gazes with me. "I'm staying here because my mom is marrying a jerk and I don't wanna stay in Collorado because of him," He explained without a sweat like it was normal. 
"Uhm yeah, don't worry Audrey, he's with me," Steven added. "I hope you don't mind?" 
"Fine," I turned and walked away. I was planning on glaring at Tristan but that will make Steven think that I'm a cold bitch so good thing I controlled myself. I felt his eyes on my ass, not being paranoid though. If he stared at my chest, why leave the ass behind?
Tristan is staying here. Gosh, I have to get myself ready to go through eternal hell as long as I live in this household. Fun.
(A/N) Kinda short? Yeah I know:( I'll try harder next chapter:P But you guys met Audrey and Tristan so thats goooood:) I'll post a Chapter 1 tonight and I'm making the cover too:P
xoFranchescaxo
   After being stranded in the forest for three years, Jennifer Jacobs is finally brought back to society. Her small town knows her as the missing child case of thirteen, but a certain guy sees her as much more. 
   Jennifer and her neighbor, Darren, are forced into an awkward friendship as her mother attempts to push her back into the world. Darren cannot stand Jennifer, seeing her only as a waste of time. But soon enough she will get under his skin and find out who Darren really is.    To Jennifer, Darren is more then a bad guy, only her eyes can see the truth behind his rebellious acts.
 <•><•><•>
Copyright © 2016
Copyright: 'The Flower Girl' including all chapters and associated content is COPYRIGHTED. All rights reserved by the creator of this work, Sydney724. Any unauthorized copying, manipulation, or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of copyright is punishable by law.
 <•><•><•>
All votes and comments are greatly appreciated.
O N E; 
Some days it's easier to get out of bed, the sun is shining and for the first twenty minutes of the day I can pretend that everything is alright. Today was not one of those days.
My head was pounding when I walked into my bathroom, my hand running along the wall as I looked for the light switch. I flicked it on when I found it, wincing once the light illuminated the room; my reaction was partly because of how much the light hurt my eyes and partly because of the face looking back at me in the mirror.
I ran a hand through my knotted hair, praying that the ripping sounds that I heard didn't permanently damage my hair. My brown hair fell flat against the side of my face when I was done removing all of the knots, leaving me to deal with the rest of my face. The purple bags under my eyes seem to be getting darker and darker as each day passed, even when I put concealer on they still made an appearance.
My mum poked her head through the bathroom door just as I finished throwing my hair up into a messy bun, she seemed hesitant to speak- which was normal with anyone around me nowadays.
I met her eyes in the mirror and raised my eyebrows expectantly; I waited for her to say whatever she had to say. Mum sighed and ran a hand across her forehead before she said, "you're going to be late."
I hit the 'on' button on my phone and quickly checked the time, "I have another ten minutes."
She shook her head, her hair covering her eyes before she tucked it behind her ears. I took a moment to study her face as she collected her thoughts. In the past couple of months I had seen multiple new wrinkles appear on her face, making her look nearly ten years older. Her blue eyes, which I had inherited from her, seemed to have changed to a dull gray colour.
"You need to eat." She finally spoke, emphasizing her words. It was obvious that she wouldn't let me walk out of this house without some sort of food in my body.
But I sure as hell was going to try anyways. "I'm not hungry."
"Zoe."
"Mum."
"Don't do this to me, not now. It's your first day of school without-" she stopped herself short. Her eyes dropped to the floor, refusing to meet my glare.
"Without Mark? You think I don't know that?"
She ran her hand across her forehead again and for a split second I felt almost sympathetic. Almost.
"I'm going to go to school now." I squeezed by her and out into the hallway, trying not to notice the pained expression on her face as I did so. I knew that she had already lost one child and she didn't want to lose the other, but I couldn't help but feeling that she had already lost us both.
║
I nervously tapped my fingers on the steering wheel of the old beat up black Toyota that I was driving, watching as students walked towards the front doors. Some ran up to each other; the boys high fiving and the girls hugging, they all acted like they hadn't seen each other in years.
I leaned back in my seat, my nervous fingers moving from my steering wheel to the straps of my backpack- I picked at a loose thread as I worked up the nerve to get out of my car.
Then I saw what I had been waiting for. I held my breath as I saw my former best friend walk towards the school. Elli had barely changed since I last saw her nearly two months ago, at Mark's funeral. She had cut her hair shoulder length but that didn't surprise me since she changed her hair drastically twice every year, saying that it symbolized her ever changing personality as she so eloquently told me on multiple occasions.
     Megan's POV.
         In a deep peaceful slumber, having a wonderful dream of Channing Tatum coming up and calling upon me to marry him when abruptly a loud noise came roaring into my eardrums! What the heck?
        I hurried up looking around and it's my phone going off I examined the caller ID it's my best friend Emily calling. I groaned could she not of remained a minute later before calling I was about to say certainly to the yummy Channing Tatum!
        "This better be good Coleman. You interrupted something extremely important!" I complained calling her by her surname to irritate her. She despises her surname don't question me why because I yet to find that out.
        "Oh, were you dreaming of famous singers asking them to marry you? Wait no I bet you ten bucks it was Channing Tatum." She mocked. I nearly looked around the bedroom to see if she was here and might have listened to me when I was asleep saying Channing's name, but I won't see her she understood me that correctly. 
        We have been best buddies since the 6th grade she is aware of all things about me. We hung out practically every day because she is four blocks down from where I live. Our parents are even best friends with each other. We are like sisters. Emily was the beautiful one, with blonde short hair pink highlights, piercing green eyes, and has a stunning body I'm envious of! She is tall, and she has more courage than anyone I ever came across and she allows no one put her down.
        Unlike me who has long black wavy hair, blue eyes, I am lean with an okay body I don't believe I have much curves like Emily, I am short and not as much confidence as Emily or anyone else. I keep my judgments and opinions to myself fearful of what I wish to say half the time will get me shot or slapped! Only thing I like about my appearance is my natural tan I received from my mom and thankfully acne free face.
        "Megan! Hello? Are you still there been talking for the last 5 minutes and you yet to responded!" I heard Emily yell on the phone. 
        "Oh sorry I zoned out because you are aware of it is too early in the morning for me to be up! but what's up?" I wanted to know. I looked on at the time ten in the morning. Yep to early for me.
        "I was wondering if you fancied to go to the mall with Troy and I" She asked. Troy Matthews is our greatest friend whom is sizzling hot with blonde flippy hair, greenish eyes, and he has always been very fit with amazing abs. He plays on our school's football team as well. I use to have a crush on him until I found out he was gay. I was miserable at the beginning, but got over it as the years went by and decided I liked him better as a best friend.
        "Do I have to?" I groaned. I just wanted to sleep I stayed up almost all night reading this amazing book I love. I am a huge book worm and at school I get called a nerd because of it and my perfect grades. I mean can I not be smart and cool at same time? Everyone else is well some. The most of the ones who get perfect grades just act dumb around people to have "friends".
        "Yes, we are already at your house you better be half ready by the time we reach your bed rooooom." She sang and hung up. This isn't the first time Emily and Troy has came to my house uninvited my mother loves them. My father isn't in the picture he left my mom and I after abusing us for a year until my Mom got tired of it and kicked him out. He left, but not without promising he would come back one day and get us. I shivered thinking about that awful memory.
        I jumped out of bed and shot to my closet fully aware Emily would get mad if I ruined the shopping plans. That girl is crazy about shopping. I put on some sweat pants and a over size t-shirt. I didn't really care about how I dressed as you can tell. I brushed my hair and styled it into a messy bun.
Meet Scarlett Knight. Scarlett wasn't your average 16 year old girl no she'd been kicked out of over 20 schools in England and her parents have had enough so they're sending her and her older brothers Matty and Danny to America for school where she'll be a senior, since other schools in England refuse to take her on.
Now Scarlett or more commonly known on the streets as nightshade was part of a gang known as the vipers. She's a badass with an attitude and fighting skills to match. Follow her on her journey to her new school meeting new people along the way some good some bad and some just plain annoying. 
Meet Jamie king resident bad boy of East View high. Watch as his world is turned upside down when Scarlett enrolles at East view. Watch as these two teens are thrown into the unknown. Pranks are pulled and school rules go out the window but what's the worst that could happen?? 
After all she's just an English badass.
It's nothing of the other world to be married off to unite two families, more if the families are trying to close a business deal. 
Sure, it's nothing of the other world in our society. Nothing of the other world to the generations who have been doing it since ever. But to everyone else... let's just say we kept it secret. 
Since my family is one of those generations, I was married off to the Scarlatti family. 
I was actually pretty exited. This is something I had been training to do my whole life. I'd been taught how to be the perfect wife. And I'll give everything to make my husband happy. 
The only problem we had is that I turned eighteen on the day of the wedding and well, being eighteen I still haven't finished high school and we moved to a different state. 
Aaron, that's my husband, set down some pretty strict rules. The top one is that I must not fall in love with him. The second is that I mustn't be clingy, he hates that. Third, we are not to sleep in the same room unless we have guests staying the night; we have to keep up with appearances. Fourth, I have to finish school; he doesn't want a mediocre in his house, his words not mine. Fifth, I must not bother him when he's in his studio unless it's a life or death situation. 
Those are just the top five. And each one of them hurt me.
We've only been married for a week. He hasn't touched me once. Even the kiss at the church lasted two seconds.
It didn't help that today is my first day of school, I feel terrible. Aaron is still locked up in his study, he hasn't left it since yesterday. Maids just go in to take him food. 
I sighed and finished combing my hair. My attire consisted on a blue summer dress, sandals and my hair down. The only make up I wore was mascara. 
I grabbed my bag and walked out of my room and downstairs. 
The house we moved into was really old fashioned, it looked more like a mansion than anything. I knew the Scarlatti's had money, but not this much. 
"What would you like for breakfast Mrs.?" One of the maids, I think her name is Rita, asked. 
"Just coffee and toast." 
She nodded and left the dinning room, leaving me alone. 
Alone. 
That's how I've felt these past days. Aaron didn't pay much attention to me. He ignores me most of the time. But he made sure that the servants obeyed my every demand. That doesn't mean much to me. I want his attention.
Rita came back with my breakfast and I ate fast. Being late to my first day of school is not something I'm looking forward to. I'd looked into several schools and managed to convince Aaron to let me apply at a public one. I'm tired of all the drama and if I were to attend one of which his family friends or my family's friends go to, there will be a lot of it. 
So I went for something simple. It's not like anybody knows I'll be attending school. If someone ever gives it a thought they'll come to the conclusion that I am home schooled. 
With bag in hand I walked to the front door where the butler opened the door for me. 
"Mr. Scarlatti said he wishes you a great time at your new school. He'll like you to be here for lunch." Fuller lied. Not about Aaron wanting me in time for lunch, he hates waiting, but the part were he wishes me good luck. 
"Thank you, Fuller. Please let Aaron know I'll be here on time." I faked a smile and walked over to Grant, the chauffeur, who opened the car's door for me.
so, i'm thinking about starting a new story!
yeah.  and i was hoping maybe some people would like this one! 
so here it is! :D
vote, comment, fan.
all the good stuff, please?
i'll give you a kiss!
Reece Collins is the most popular guy in school. He has it all. Killer good looks, money, the perfect family, and a life everyone dreams of. He is Washington high’s star quarterback, best pitcher, and amazing track star. That is until the day of the shooting.
Payton Jennings is the quiet, shy, nobody that no one even knows she exists. She has little money, a severed family and bad looks. Most people don’t even know she attends Washington high. She is the definition of a no body.
The school is rattled and turned upside down when a weird, troubled kid brought a gun to school and opened fire in the hall. Luckily noone was killed or had any serious injuries besides one. Reece Collins and that’s because the boy envied him so much it made him hate him so he meant to kill Reece. He almost did, but Reece survived. He lost his sight though and is now, blind. This changes his whole life and brings him to Payton a girl who doesn’t care that he is blind.
Before proceeding to the story...
Before you read my story please be informed that this story is part of the series called 'The BLISH Tales' This is part of the series together with Living with Guys, Being Nasty, I Don't Like Old Guys and Sex Slave.
The stories in the series don't depend on each other so you can read it in any possible order that you like. The stories are all connected though you would still understand the plot without reading the others.
Though I would suggest for you to read the other stories for entertainment. 
 
Chapter 1 – Harkins Academy
[Avery’s POV]
“I don’t want to go to that school mom!” I yelled at my mother. She’s like this all the time, tormenting me, making me angry. She did nothing but drink ever since my father died. He died because of cancer, I know that it hurts a lot, but my mother doesn’t want to move on.
“I do whatever I want, and you do whatever I want, you got that?” she scowled at me. My life sucks, I hated my mother ever since I was born, my father was the only one who loved me, but he died and left me all alone in the hands of a person who doesn’t even want me to exist. My mother abused me a lot, she still abuses me but that’s natural. I got used to it. My father was the only one who can save me from her, but he’s you know, gone.
And of course, I still got these marks and bruises from her. My mother hates me like hell. She even tried to kill me once. She was so drunk back then that she decided to drown me in the tub when I was a child. Good thing that my father always backed me up, and yes, she still drinks even though my father was alive, she just gotten a little insane. She hates the fact that I was born, naturally. She even tried to cut me with razor blades and I still somewhat got the marks from that.
Now, she’s entirely ruining my life, sending me to this boarding school because she doesn’t want to see my face anymore. I really, really hate my life. If my father was here, everything would turn out fine like it used to. But he is not going to rise from the dead and save me, because, that would be… weird, really weird.
I’m in the middle of the first semester and she wants me to change my school? And not to mention, live in that school? I hate boarding schools, no life, no anything!
“You’re going to study at Harkins Academy whether you like it or not! I’m just going to give you your allowance every month,” I was eyeing her, but she wasn’t drunk. She’s normal right now, no toxins defying her brain.
She’s serious.
“Where did you even got that Harkins Academy information? I don’t even know that school!” I yelled at her again.
“I just saw its flyers! They’re everywhere!” she said, but I can see that she got it from a fellow businesswoman. I can read my mother’s mind. After all, she’s my mother. “So go pack your things now! I don’t want to see your face in this house tomorrow, you got that? Just get a cab and tell them Harkins Academy, they’ll know what to do,”
She went upstairs, probably going to get her sleep. Ugh. I hate my life. It’s better to die and live in Hell rather than living with my mom who thinks she controls everything around me. I mean, I’m 16 years old and kids around my age can do whatever they want, right?
I went upstairs too. I packed my things because my mother would totally kill me if I wouldn’t. After that, I went to my bed, stared at the ceiling and went to sleep.
I woke up, without a dream, unfortunately. I love dreams, because I think they show you something that could someday help you find life interesting.
My mother gave me my allowance for the whole month last night, she said, she’ll just send me my money every month. Are you currently thinking that I’m crying or somewhat sobbing for leaving my mom? Well, I don’t. I will just miss my friends and that’s all. No love for my mom, she never did love me anyway.
I fetch a cab and went inside it. I told him where the location should be and my mother was right, they know Harkins Academy. It turned out that my mother planned this already, I was just told last night, and heck I’m going to transfer the next day. I didn’t even say good-bye to my friends, but I didn’t intend to lessen the pain.
Harkins Academy, here I am. But the school doesn’t look boring itself. It looks old, but it’s big. But you know one thing I hate about it? Uniforms. I’m used in wearing my casual outfits and now, the school is required to wear those uniforms. I don’t like to wear skirts, well, that’s obvious.
I went inside the Academy and it was flawless. Marbled walls and floors, it looks like a hotel but better. My mother could have waited until tomorrow because today is Friday, which means, no classes for me today. So, I’m going to just meet my new roommate. I think class is over after all.
I went to the information booth, which I think is the office. The lady in her mid40’s gave me my schedule and my dormitory keys. She said I have a roommate which is sort of good so I’ll give it a try to befriend her.
The lady instructed me what floor and what door my room is. I opened the door and saw a little-headed blonde girl reading a book. She turned to look at me and was shocked to see that she got a new roommate.
“Are you my new roommate?” she asked, acting all excited. It really sucks to sleep in a dormitory room alone so, I’ll excuse her for getting pumped up.
“Yes,” I said with a matching nod. I pulled my baggage inside the room and went to the empty bed.
“I’m Emma Parker, nice to meet you!” she walked towards me and extended an arm, and with me not wanting to be rude, I took it.
“Avery Tanner,” I introduced.
“So,” she asked. “Are you an addict?”
“Excuse me?” I looked at her, confirming if I heard her words properly.
“Oh,” she gasped. “So you’re the same as me,”
“Same as what?” I asked. She didn’t even answer my first question properly.
“You’re also a person who was sent here by their parents who have no idea what this school is for,” she explained to me.
“I don’t get it,” I’m still looking at her, no it was more like a glare with some sort of confusion. “This school is for what?”
“For sex addicts,” she whispered.
Avery's POV
"AVERY! ITS TIME FOR SCHOOL! YOU'RE GUNNA BE LATE!"
Ugh, my daily alarm clock on time, of course.
"Yeah mom, I'm getting ready right now."
I roll out of bed and throw on some jeans and a tee-shirt, put up my hair in a pony, as always, and run down the stairs with my books in hand.
"Hi honey, I made you some toast." my mom says, with bright eyes and a huge smile.
She's always like this, but in a good way. She isn't fake which is refreshing, and is always upfront with me, in the nicest way possible.
"Morning sweetie."
"Morning Pop!" I kiss him on the cheek and glance at the newspaper he has his head furrowed into, as he does everyday.
"So, Virginia and North Carolina emailed me last night. You thinkin' of attending?" he says in his thick accent.
I shrug. "Maybe, I'll have to check. I can't apply to every college, you know."
"Yeah, but you gotta open as many doors as you can, pumpkin."
"Okay dad," I nod. "I gotta go, I'm gonna be late for school."
"Ok honey! Learn something new for us!" my mom says, calling out to me as I sprint to the school bus.
*Later that school day*
Ahh, last block of the day,  French class. I walk in, and quickly sit down alone, in the front row.
I hear some chatter in the back of the room and glance back.
I stare at him. Ryder Satak. He is the hottest jock of the school and my neighbor. He has the whole movie cliché, his varsity jacket, girls following him to every class, a goofy smirk on his face, thick black hair you just wanted to run you hands through...
I hate him.
He catches my eye and his face transforms into a scowl. I whip my head to the front of the room, trying to ignore the heat in my cheeks.
Ryder has the perfect life. He has all the friends that anyone could ever need. Me, on the other hand, I am all alone, left to rot with my stupid straight As. That is ALL I have. I have nothing else. No one wants to talk to me, unless it is to copy off my homework. I spend my days studying, and wishing that I have someone to talk to, or a party to go to, or a friend to hang with.
"Bonjour, everyone! Just as a reminder, tomorrow, we are leaving for France! So meet at the airport at 7 pm, and your assigned roommates will be posted outside the main office after class. Ok, lets begin class." 
All the stupidity of Ryder vanishes from my brain. I'm going to France tomorrow! I am going to meet French people and eat baguettes and see the Eiffel Tower! I might meet a French guy and have a kiss in front of the tower! Sigh, only in my dreams. But who knows? Anything can happen in France...
I scribble some notes for the rest of the hour, and as soon as the bell rings, sprint out of the class with everyone else to see who my roommate is.
I cross my fingers and hope for Miranda, a girl that can actually say more than two words in French and  doesn't bullshit the class like everyone else.
I run my finger over the paper, searching for my name. I find my name and follow the line...
Oh sh-
Estella thought that she was going to go to a party with her best friend Lacey, get drunk and wake up with a massive hangover. But what she didn't know was she would get drunk, wake up in an alley with Lacey, witness a possible murder and be dragged to a gang leader by two members to see if they should be killed or not for witnessing a murder.
Cade Braden thought he would never hear the last of his mom complaining about how he never dated and how she wanted grandchildren. He never was interested in girls other than sleeping with them until one girl with a smart mouth caught his interest.
It was love at first sight for Caden, but will Estella ever share the same feelings with a man who runs a gang?
Aku menjejakkan kakiku di pintu gerbang Emerald Higschool. Hari ni jugak first day aku kat sini. Memang impian aku sejak di tingkatan satu lagi untuk belajar di sini. Sebab...... Nanti korang akan tahu jugak nanti. Tak perlu aku umumkan awal-awal.
Oh ya, nama aku Aimin Natasha bt Dato' Ahmad. Umur aku 16 tahun. So, tahun ni aku form 4. Ok... That's all about me.😀 Back to the story....
Aku melangkah masuk dan menuju ke bangunan sekolah yang sangat besar dan luas itu. Kecut perut aku tengok bangunan ni. Besar nak mati. Boleh sesat aku kalau macam ni la gayanya.Aku berjalan perlahan-lahan sambil meninjau-ninjau perkarangan sekolah tersebut. 
'Mana pejabat ehh?' Tanyaku sendirian.
Aku mengambil keputusan untuk bertanya pelajar yang sedang lalu-lalang di kawasan bangunan tersebut. Aku menghampiri dua orang gadis yang lagaknya sedang berbual.
"Haii... Saya nak tanya ni, boleh tak?" Aku bertanya dengan penuh sopan-santun.
"Haii.. Ehh kau ni pelajar transfer  tu kan? Hahh! Kau nak tanya apa?" Soal gadis yang berambut brown itu.
"Yup.. Sayalah tu. Ermm.. Office kat mana eak?" Soalku lagi.
"Oh.. Office  ada kat tingkat satu ni jer. Marilah aku tunjukkan." Pelawa gadis yang berambut ikal mayang warna hitam pekat itu pula.
"Ok.. Thanks" ujarku.
"Hah.. Jomlah." Balasnya.
"Woi Lisya!! Kau pehal hah!?" Tengking gadis yang berambut brown tadi kepada rakannya.
Terkejut beruk aku. Mujur tak keluar latah aku. 
'Hisy minah ni, tak reti nak beradab ke? Sekolah ni bapak dia punya ke?!' Rungutku di dalam hati.
"Ehh kau kenapa Rie? Aku nak tolong budak ni kejap. Kalau kau tak nak tolong, kau tunggu jelah kat sini." Tegas Lisya bersuara.
"Amboi.. Amboi... Banyak cantik muka kau? Budak ni aku punya lah. Dia tanya aku dulu." Balas Rie sambil memegang lenganku.
"Hisy.. Rie.. Kau jangan buat kecoh la. Aku nak hantar dia pergi office. Kau jangan nak halang aku, kalau tak siaplah kau." Ujar Lisya berbaur ugutan. Serentak dengan itu, Rie melepaskan lenganku.
"Ok fine!! " balas Rie dengan wajah yang seperti tertelan kulit lemon.
"Jomlah." Ajak Lisya kepadaku sambil memegang tanganku. Aku hanya mengikutinya.
"Nama kau apa ek?" Soal Lisya sambil berjalan.
"Nama aku Aimin Natasha. Boleh panggil aku Tasha." Balasku sambil tersenyum manis.
"Ohh cantik nama kau. Aku suka. Nama àku Putri Alisyia. Tapi ramai panggil aku Lisya. And aku form  4."  Balasnya.
"Oh.. Sebayalah kita." Ujarku pula. 
"Hah.. Dah sampai. Aku pergi dulu ek? Bye.. Take care." Ujarnya sambil melambaikan tangannya kepadaku.Aku hanya membalas lambaiannya.
Setelah menghantar pemergian Lisya, aku berlalu masuk ke dalam office tersebut. Aku berjalan ke arah seorang kerani perempuan yang sedang ralit melakukan tugasnya.
"Erm.. Cik.. Saya ni pelajar transfer dari SM Charles." Ujarku dengan penuh berhati-hati.
"Oh ya.. Kejap eh.." Balas kerani tersebut .Aku lihat dia seperti mencari-cari sesuatu...
' Mungkin fail peribadi untuk aku kot. Hahakk memandai jer aku ni.' Aku tersenyum sendiri.
"Nah dik.. Isi borang ni pastu bagi semula kat akak ye?" Ujarnya sambil menghulurkan sehelai kertas bersama sebatang pen.
"Ok." Balasku sepatah
Beberapa minit kemudian, aku siap mengisi borang tersebut. Aku menghulurkan kembali borang itu kepada akak kerani.
"Ok.. Nah kunci loker kamu.Loker kamu ni terletak di tingkat tiga. Kamu cari yang nombor 55, ye. Oleh kerana hari ni hari first kamu, kamu bebas meronda di sekitar sekolah ni untuk pengetahuan lanjut mengenai tempat-tempat di sekolah ni. Kamu tak masuk kelas pun takpe." Ujar kerani tersebut panjang lebar.
"Ok.. Thanks  akak. Saya pergi dulu." Balasku sambil berjalan keluar dari office tersebut.
                                  ~~~~~ 
Sudah hampir sejam aku jalan-jalan kat sini. Baru berapa tempat aku jumpa. Mana taknya, bangunan ni besar sangatlah.. 
Aku meneruskan perjalananku meneroka bangunan sekolah ni. Lenguh pun lenguhlah. Hari ni je peluang aku. Esok dah takde. Aku berjalan melintasi sebuah padang rumput yang sangat besar. 
"Tak pernah lagi aku jumpa padang sebesar ni. Kalau aku post kat mama ni, mahunya pengsan mama." Omelku Aku mengeluarkan smartphoneku dari dalam kocek seluarku. Aku ingin mengambil gambar padang ni. 
Clapp!
Tulah bunyi kamera aku. Pelik kan.. Aku pun tak tahu kenapa dia bunyi camtu.
Aku memegang telefonku sambil memandang padang yang besar itu. Di satu sudutpadang tersebut , aku lihat sekumpulan pelajar lelaki sedang melakukan senaman. Dan adà jugak beberapa biji bola sepak berhampiran mereka. So, I guess  diorang sedang buat latihan kut.
Aku berjalan perlahan-lahan di  laluan pejalan kaki di sepangjang padang tersebut. Aku pandang ke depan. Lebih kurang 1 kilometer lagi sebelum sampai di bangunan lain.
"Haihh. Confirm bengkak kaki aku." Rungutku perlahan.
Tiba-tiba kedengaran suara para pelajar lelaki yang berada di padang tadi. Suara mereka macam...melaung... kut. Kuat nak mampus. Aku yang ada kat sini pun boleh dengar. Sedangkan mereka berada di sudut padang bola yang luas tu.
BAMM!!
Serentak dengan itu, kepalaku berpinar-pinar. Ada kalung bintang di sekeliling kepalaku. Aku memegang kepalaku.
"Adoiii!! Sapa yang sepak bola ni?!! Kuat nak mampus.. Ke korang memang nak aku mati?! Korang ni saja kan?" Laungku kuat sebelum pandanganku menjadi gelap dan aku rebah ke tanah.


READ
!!!!!! Will contain Mature and Explicit content. Younger readers are discouraged from viewing. !!!!!!!
Contains(adult language, sex, abuse, dark themes, rape, violence, murder)
I will make efforts in censor language(don't freaking complain about how I censor) and keep sexual content suitable to the story.*It's still incredibly hot and you won't know what to do with yourself. :D
So, consider yourself warned. This story will likely be switched to Mature.
___
Being secretly in love with the most popular boy is a common occurrence for many teenage girls. For Kylie Hood, the most unnoticeable girl at Woods High School, dreaming of Trevor Grimm is a silly fantasy to help her escape her own cruel reality.
So, when Trevor suddenly asks for Kylie's help with a school project, you'd think sparks would fly and they'd fall madly in love, right?
Maybe...
Maybe Trevor would have seen the girl who hides under a red hoodie is actually an innocent beauty. Maybe he would have noticed the signs of abuse when she flinched—and just maybe he would have found her innocence endearing, and really looked at the girl others have ignored for the past four years.
Well, he didn't.
This isn't a story where the loner girl and popular boy fall in love after a school project unites them—not even close.
Because this is the story where the girl under the red hood meets the Big Bad Wolf...
Inspired by Little Red Riding Hood & various Grimm's Fairy Tales.
(((NOT A WEREWOLF STORY)))
May not be appropriate for younger readers
_____________________________________________
Text Copyright
©2014 Janie Marie aka janie1617. All Rights Reserved
No part of this text may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
For information regarding permission, write to: www.facebook.com/JanieMarieAkajanie1617OnWattpad
Ban đêm, Vân Lạc đỉnh núi Phong dưới trời sao, gió mát phơ phất mọi âm thanh đều tịch. 
Tô Lạc đáy mắt ôn nhu trung dẫn theo một tia điềm mật, ngọt ngào, nhu tình đưa tình mà ngóng nhìn lên trước mắt nam tử: "Vân Khởi, đợi rời khỏi tổ chức, chúng ta ngay ở chỗ này định cư được không?" Vân Khởi mày kiếm mắt sáng trung mang theo say lòng người ôn nhu: "Nha đầu, cứ như vậy muốn rời khỏi sao?" 
 Tô Lạc quay người ngắm nhìn chỗ xa bầu trời đêm, quay đầu lại đáy mắt mang theo một tia tươi đẹp nụ cười sáng lạn: "Cái này mười mấy năm qua không phải huấn luyện tựu là chém chém giết giết, thời khắc ở vào bên bờ sinh tử, không có một khắc an bình thời gian. Hiện tại ta đã chán ghét cuộc sống như vậy, rất muốn nhanh lên thoát ly đi ra, chẳng lẽ ngươi tựu không muốn sao?"  
Nói xong, Tô Lạc xuất ra trong tay hộp gấm nhỏ tại Vân Khởi trước mặt quơ quơ: "Đoán xem, trong lúc này là cái gì?"  
  Tô Lạc con mắt lóe sáng Tinh Tinh, tràn đầy hạnh phúc thần thái.
 Đắm chìm tại đối với tương lai cuộc sống tốt đẹp hướng tới bên trong đích nàng, không thấy được Vân Khởi đáy mắt hiện lên một vòng biến hoá kỳ lạ hào quang. 
 "Long giới chỉ? Nguyên lai ngươi đã nắm bắt tới tay hả? Điều này sao có thể? Lúc nào chuyện phát sinh?" Vân Khởi mắt xếch nhắm lại, đáy mắt là say lòng người nhu tình.
 "Ngay tại ngươi đi Âu Mỹ chấp hành nhiệm vụ trong khoảng thời gian này a, vận khí tốt, cho nên tựu lấy được. Lần này, ngươi theo ta cùng một chỗ rời khỏi, được không?" Tô Lạc lôi kéo Vân Khởi tay, cho đã mắt chờ mong, "Đem Long giới chỉ trả lại cho tổ chức, sau đó chúng ta ngay ở chỗ này định cư, hạnh phúc sinh hoạt qua ngày, được không?" 
 "Tốt." Hắn nhu hòa hôn khắc ở Tô Lạc trơn bóng cái trán, cường mà hữu lực tay một tay lấy nàng ôm vào trong ngực, chăm chú mà ôm ấp lấy.  
  Tựa ở hắn hõm vai xương quai xanh chỗ, Tô Lạc đáy mắt là tràn đầy, hạnh phúc mỉm cười. 
  Thanh mai trúc mã vài chục năm, bọn hắn theo mưa bom bão đạn trung cùng một chỗ dắt tay đi qua, hắn là nàng là tối trọng yếu nhất thân nhân, cũng là người ngươi tín nhiệm nhất, hiện tại nàng đã mang thai hắn Bảo Bảo, đợi rời khỏi tổ chức sau... Bỗng nhiên, Tô Lạc toàn thân cứng đờ, đáy mắt chóng mặt đầy thảm thiết thống khổ, nàng mở to hai mắt, cho đã mắt đều là khó có thể tin tuyệt vọng. 
Đẩy ra Vân Khởi, cúi đầu nhìn lại. 
Lúc này, lồng ngực của nàng đâm một thanh sắc bén chủy thủ, máu tươi dọc theo chủy thủ không ngừng mà hướng ra tuôn ra, ẩm ướt hơi mỏng tố sắc váy dài, ngực máu tươi có giống như diêm dúa lẳng lơ nộ phóng Bỉ Ngạn Hoa, nóng bỏng mà quỷ dị. 
Thân là sát thủ, Vân Khởi chủy thủ tinh chuẩn mà không có một tia sai lầm. 
Tô Lạc lảo đảo quỳ rạp xuống đá vụn mất trật tự trên mặt đất, cặp kia trong đôi mắt đẹp dịu dàng tràn đầy kinh ngạc tuyệt vọng cùng khó có thể tin, nàng thật sự thật không ngờ, cái này nàng tín nhiệm nhất luôn mồm xưng yêu nàng nam nhân, hội hung ác tuyệt địa đem chuôi này chính mình với tư cách quà sinh nhật tiễn đưa dao găm của hắn, trở tay đâm vào chính mình ngực! 
Tô Lạc lảo đảo quỳ rạp xuống đá vụn mất trật tự trên mặt đất, cặp kia trong đôi mắt đẹp dịu dàng tràn đầy kinh ngạc tuyệt vọng cùng khó có thể tin, nàng thật sự thật không ngờ, cái này nàng tín nhiệm nhất luôn mồm xưng yêu nàng nam nhân, hội hung ác tuyệt địa đem chuôi này chính mình với tư cách quà sinh nhật tiễn đưa dao găm của hắn, trở tay đâm vào chính mình ngực! 
Vì cái gì... Nàng há hốc mồm, lại bởi vì tuyệt vọng mà phát không xuất ra một tia thanh âm. 
Vân Khởi lạnh như băng mà đùa cợt mà câu dẫn ra khóe môi: "Tô Lạc, ngươi quả thực ngu xuẩn. Ngươi biết tổ chức nhiều như vậy bí mật, ngươi cảm thấy tổ chức sẽ bỏ qua ngươi sao? Rõ ràng còn muốn rời khỏi, quá ngây thơ ấu trĩ! Hơn nữa, ngươi như thế nào hội ngây thơ cho rằng, ta sẽ với ngươi cùng một chỗ rời khỏi?" 
"..." Tô Lạc tuyệt vọng mà cười khổ.Như mây khởi nói, nàng xác thực quá ngây thơ ấu trĩ, vậy mà thật sự tin tưởng hắn sẽ cùng nàng rời khỏi tổ chức. 
"Kiếp sau, không muốn ngu xuẩn như vậy rồi!" Vân Khởi nhặt lên mất rơi trên mặt đất hộp gấm nhỏ, lạnh như băng nhìn thoáng qua thống khổ tuyệt vọng Tô Lạc, quay người kiên quyết rời đi. 
"Vân Khởi, ngươi chẳng lẽ tựu không ngây thơ sao?" Tô Lạc âm thanh lạnh như băng sau lưng hắn vang lên. 
"Vân Khởi, ngươi chẳng lẽ tựu không ngây thơ sao?" Tô Lạc âm thanh lạnh như băng sau lưng hắn vang lên. 
Có một có tiền cố chủ ra ba tỷ đôla ủy thác tổ chức tìm cái này cái Long giới chỉ, nếu như cuối cùng tìm không thấy, không chỉ có lấy không được tiền thưởng, hơn nữa đối với tổ chức danh dự cũng là đả kích thật lớn. 
Có một có tiền cố chủ ra ba tỷ đôla ủy thác tổ chức tìm cái này cái Long giới chỉ, nếu như cuối cùng tìm không thấy, không chỉ có lấy không được tiền thưởng, hơn nữa đối với tổ chức danh dự cũng là đả kích thật lớn.  
Nói xong, Tô Lạc rung thân nhảy lên, cả người nhảy vào Hắc Ám vách núi.Vách núi phía dưới là kinh đào vỗ bờ nước biển. 
chapter one: Sarah (Move Along)

My least favorite thing to do, is stay in a small room for a long period of time. It’s not something I enjoy. It even reaches the extent where you could say I hate it with every cell in my body. It’s only half an hour into the movie, and already I feel a cold sweat dribbling down my back. My palms feel clammy, and so I nervously wiped them on the thighs of my jeans. My mouth is dry as parchment, and my tongue feels like a rock in a desert. I can’t get up, though, because my parents know this is my favorite movie. I love Practical Magic. It’s witty and funny and romantic. But I can’t focus. The room is spinning as I try and keep my eyes on the screen, but to no ends. 
It’s until I’m ready to pass out that I mutter something about the bathroom and stumble out of my own living room and into our fortunately monumental kitchen. The ceiling is over three meters high, and behind the sink to my left is a ten foot wide, floor-to-ceiling window that overlooked our fifteen acres of land. An island is at the center of the kitchen, where I walk to. A faucet is there, with a mini sink, and it’s mainly for drinking water. We have our own well in the back yard so we get all fresh water. Grabbing a glass from the cabinet beneath the island, I fill it halfway and chug it down. Slowly, I feel feeling come back into my limbs and my mouth became more moisturized.
You could say I’m claustrophobic, but that’s only part of the story. Yes, I do carry around that phobia with me every single day of my life, but it’s not one of those things I’ve had my entire life. I wouldn’t say it started recently, but... let’s just say, my parents don’t even know. And I have a pretty good relationship with them.
I don’t sneak out of the house at nighttime, or disobey their orders. But I know how to party, get drunk, and hide it from my family’s knowledge. I just bend the rules. I don’t break them, I just find loopholes. I’m not a goodie-two-shoes, but I’m not a disappointment for my successful parents either.
I breathe deeply inward, and then out. And then again. And then again, and again, and again. I continue this routine, listening to the sounds and voices coming from the surround-sound of our TV in the living room, which oddly was the smallest room in the house. Now that I feel the gentle breeze from the fan above me, and water trickling down my throat, and anything but silence, I feel better. I can see outside, and I have room to do what I want. I have room to run. To run away if I need to. I have room to fight back. Unlike when I was with him.
My soon-to-be flashback was cut off, thankfully, when the door in the far corner creaked open. Matthew, my brother, showed his tan face and slick black hair in the doorway. He was smiling broadly, and a slim, tall figure followed him as he entered the kitchen.
“Hey Slut,” he greeted me casually, using the nickname he frequently called me, though I knew he never would actually mean something like that or insult me in anything beyond a brotherly manner. 
“Hey Prude,” I responded with a weak smile.
“You call your sister a slut?” the girl that had been trailing along with Matt said in a silky voice. She was, like Matt, tall and lean. Her long, dark brown, curly hair was tied up in a neat ponytail, and her side bangs fell out, framing her oval face nicely. She had an eyebrow raised at Matt with an amused glint in her eyes.
“Of course, why wouldn’t I?” he replied sweetly, kissing her lightly on the mouth.
So this is Isabelle,I thought.
She was pretty, undeniably. High cheekbones, cute smile, sparkling eyes and nice figure. She was dressed appropriately; regular jeans and a nice-fitting white v-neck. Not like an actual slut, like a few of Matt’s previous girlfriends. She seemed sweet, but it was hard to decide whether she was out of his league, or just plain out not his type.
                                                                                       Beep beep beep.
"Ugh why do we have school out of all the people that have to go to school me. I mean its not like I am dumb, I am the smartest kid in the school."
As I was thinking of all the best ways to never go to school again.
"hun hurry up you need to get ready for school, you don't want to be late again." she screamed up the stairs.
"I put my head on top of the pillow OH MY GOSH why me of all people have to go to school, every single day"
I got up from my bed, i see a note on there I pick up the note.
 started reading it
Dear nerd of the school,
"Your going to do me and my girlfriends(sluts) homework its on the back of this paper you have a week to do it."
From the badass of the school.
P.s. "Don't leave your window opened"
Ugh why me of all people have to go threw hell.
I went to my closet, and grabbed some baggy pants and a baggy hoodie my favorite Kentucky hoodie.
If you haven't noticed I love hoodies.
"HUNNY HURRY UP IM ABOUT TO LEAVE YOU TO WALK" she screamed up the stairs.
I grabbed my phone, earbuds, and backpack. 
I ran down the stairs and grabbed a apple from the counter.
I ran to the door, and by the time I got there she Left me for the bus.
I sighed, walking out the door to have a paint bucket spilt on me, the people who were in the tree laughing at me, as well as my so called "Friends". I showed no emotion and went to change.
when I went Inside I was calm till I figured out that they ruined my favorite hoodie.
I put all the stuff in the laundry basket grabbing a new pair of clothes sliding them on with a hoodie over top.
Once I walked out to my surpriseing they were gone. I then seen a girl with long brown hair and dressed like a normal girl and not like a slut.  The guys were looking at her with lust and the sluts were glareing at her. At least I know why they left me for that pretty girl.
She is probably going to be popular so I stayed away from her and sat down at the bus stop waiting for the bus since I did not want to walk.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hope you like it
Meowtasker out!!!!
There might be a little bit of words wrong but I'm 14 so sorry
Meowtasker out for real this time!
Hiii my Name's Bibiana I'm 17 I go toSt.Hire(made up) High School in London.
I have two Best friends Sophii and Taylor they're both 17 years old.
We're the loud, weird and Sassy girls.Most of the girls hate us, cause we're boyish and not like them, but most of the Boys see us as Cool girls like friends bit nothing more.
Sophii is more of the flirt girl who gets the Boys.
Taylor is the little innocent who never really talks to Boys. But can be really crazy.
And there's me Sassy and Crazy and boys only see me as their friend, and that's how it always was.
I have brown Hair with big Dark brown eyes and plump lips.I am not skinny but not that fat, my breasts aren't so big but I have a big ass, what is cool cause it's very useful by Dancing.
Taylor has long Black Hair big Green eyes and middle plump lips.She big breasts and middle big ass.She is a really good Dancer.
Sophii has Chocolate brown long Hair and big Green eyes she doesn't have thin lips bit neither very big.She's skinny but has very sexy curves.She's not that one that likes to Dance but if she hears Justin Bieber there's no stop.
Anyway...
It was Monday and I was at my Locker searching for my stuff.
Fuck! Yeah I swear a lot.I couldn't find my Math Book and I was already late.
"Look who we have here" someone said behind me.
I tirned around and the so called "Player" of the School stood in front of me.
Damn! Ryder Jackerson I hate him.He fucks any girl and is always searching for fresh meat.
I hope he won't try it with me cause I'm gonna kick his ass.
"Piss off" I rolled my eyes.
"Tss tss, is it the way you're talking to your Boyfriend?" He asked, and I could hear clearly the sarcasm in his voice.
I turned around with an annoyed face and he smirked.
"Boyfriend! Pff I'd rather be on my Period for the rest of my life than be your Girlfriend" I spat in his face and crossed my arms.
He came closer and I was trapped between the locker and him.He put one of his arms next to my head and leaned very close.
"You know you want that" he said and pointed to himself.
Yet again I just rolled my eyes."Whatever you say Player I gotta go" I pushed him away and walked to my class.
So Hi this is a new Story I know it's Short but I don't it to be too long anyway I hopre you'll read it.
Vote & Comment
"Oh you think you're so smart huh!" This big girl said to me in the summer school gym class. I ignored her and wiped my face off with a towel. It was too hot and musty in this locker room for her to start talking crazy. Plus, why wad she so worried about my grades and what is she talking about? 
"Can you not hear b*tch!" She yelled. I looked up at her and cringed at that word. I hate it completely. "Don't call me that." I said as calmly as I could. 
"Why do you even go to this school or live in them dusty houses or hang out with that slut Nicole? You too smart right?" She kept nagging. I continued to ignore her because I'm not gonna argue over my grades. "Leave Nicole out of this." I said calmly again.
"Ooooo. Look at her!" She cooed annoyingly. "She's scared so now she's gonna walk away. She thinks because her names on some paper saying she passed with one of the top scores that she can outsmart us all!" 
She watched me and then as I walked past her, she grabbed my curly hair and yanked it. I drop my bag immediately and grabbed her arm yanking it off of my head. Ouch! Then I slammed her against the lockers with my hands close to her neck. Girl you thought! She really thought she was going to get to me. 
"Girl you better shut the heck up before I really do something crazy. I'm not no puny little smart white kid that you can just boss around! So you better chill!" I squeezed her neck slightly and she looked me in my eyes begging me to let go. 
I could sense her feeling of embarrassment and let go of her. Then, I straightened out my body and fixed my ponytail grabbing my bag like nothing happened. Everyone was staring at me and I didn't care. She was not gonna get to me so she had to be put into her place. 
As the bell rang to leave I noticed the sheet that listed the top scores from the test we took last semester during our sophomore year. It was a surprise test over all of the skills we learned. I skimmed the list and my name was second under some guys named Carter Matthews. 
I had the second highest score!! I for sure knew everyone would think of me different -- especially if they found out. I tried so long to fir in just because everyone would call me an "Oreo" or something for taking honor classes with white kids. I didn't even tell Nicole. I'm the most popular girl in one of my school's sects along with Nicole. My parents, older brother Derrick, and I celebrated at O'Charley's but I didn't want things to be different because I'm labeled as 'smart'.
Hey lovebugs! What do you guys think about Jasmine already? 
How do you think she handles herself? Please like & comment 💖
Slamming my hand onto my alarm for the ninth time this morning, I finally lifted my body off of my extremely comfy bed.
It was the first day back, but after a long summer, I wasn't used to getting up at six thirty in the morning.
Well, now it was three minutes past seven.
"Gabby, you have fifty seven minutes until James gets here." Kylie shouted being as precise as she could as she waltzed into my room. 
Kylie was my fifteen year old sister and she annoyed me more than most things in life, constantly picking at everything I say and do. 
However, she can be nice sometimes and when I say sometimes, it's very rarely. "Yes I know" I huffed out as I locked the bathroom door and stepped into the shower.
Suddenly a burst of ice cold water sprayed onto my head. "Oh my god" I screamed, jumping out of the shower and immediately shivering from the cold water left on my body. 
"Oh yeah, I'll turn the hot water on" Kylie shouted from my bedroom before I heard her footsteps escaping my room and running to the boiler to switch on the morning hot water
"Done" she shouted back before I turned the shower on again to be met with luke warm water on my skin. 
I took a long shower, making sure I washed my hair and body, attempting to wake myself up at the same time which proved a very hard task. 
As soon as I got out, I dried myself and picked out today's clothes. Eventually I went with a floral playsuit that came halfway down my thighs. 
I left my hair to dry in loose waves like I usually did since I never had the patience to bring out the straighteners and straighten every streak of my hair, damaging it every time.
My hair was a brown colour with tinges of light brown spread throughout it, coming down to my elbows in assorted layers.
I applied my make up, not going overboard and putting the necessary books into my school bag. "Breakfast is ready" my mom called from the bottom of the stairs.
Running down the stairs, I sat down at the kitchen table and put on my jacket. "You ready to start work today?" I asked my mom, smelling heaven when she placed a plate of pancakes in front of us. 
"Of course, I checked out the hospital the other day and it's very nice" I smiled at her, seeing her happy made me happy and that's all that mattered nowadays.
My mom worked as a nurse now as she's just gotten her medical degree. She had wanted to be a nurse all her life but she always settled into an office job. She was definitely the caring type so not becoming a nurse just wasn't an option for her.
Her hair was brown like mine and Kylie's but it was short down to her ears. People always say that I have my moms looks but I always feel myself mentally disagreeing with them. My mom was beautiful and I was just, well, average.
Around when I was about two years old, my father upped and left, leaving a young toddler and his pregnant wife behind on the doorstep. 
hey guys!!! so this is If Only and i'm not the best writer so no judging. Anyways!!! just want to give a shoutout to SLOTHTATO  for the amazing cover. It looks amazing and she makes great book covers so go check her out and follow her!!
Now on with the story                   ~AB.
Emily Rush con tan solo 17 años de edad y ya pensar en el suicidio, ustedes dirán "¿Por qué si todavía no a vivido la vida de verdad?" pero ese es el caso. Emily a vivido toda su infancia llena de maltratos, abusos y humillaciones por parte de su padre, si, su padre, y sus compañeros del instituto. Ella hace una promesa justo el día 1 de enero del 2015, la cual según ella beneficiara a todo el mundo y es la de "31 días para suicidarse", desde ese día empieza a escribir en un diario lo que pasa cada día hasta completar con el día 31 y hacer lo que tanto anhela.Ella jamas pensó que llegaría un Ángel para salvarla y ayudarla a salir adelante, pero no todo es lo que imaginan. 
Todos dicen que tenemos una misión en esta vida, pero, ¿Y si todos no piensan lo mismo? Emily es una de esas personas.
Si quieres saber más, te invitó a leerla, es tu decisión.
Tyaga baru pulang sekolah dan dia memutuskan untuk membeli crapes tuna di pinggir jalan. Matahari yang begitu terik memaksanya untuk duduk di bangku taman, bersandar menikmati semilir angin yang menerpa wajahnya. Perlahan-lahan ia menyantap crapesnya sembari memerhatikan orang-orang yang hilir mudik di taman.
"Meong ..., meong ...," suara kucing mengeong membuat Tyaga menoleh ke kanan dan kiri, mencari asal suara.
Tepat di depan kakinya ada kucing hitam pekat yang memandanginya dengan wajah memelas. Mata birunya terlihat sangat cantik, membuat pemuda itu membungkukkan badan sebelum menjulurkan tangan mendekati kucing itu hingga ujung jarinya dijilat oleh sang kucing.
Tyaga tidak terseyum, hanya menggaruk bagian bawah leher kucing itu sampai mengelus kepalanya dengan sayang. Tentu saja kucing itu sangat senang dan menempel pada tangan Tyaga. Beberapa saat dielus dan dimanja, kucing itu merangkak mendekati bangku Tyaga dan mengendus crapes tuna yang sengaja diletakkannya di kursi.
"Kamu lapar?" tanya Tyaga sembari mengambil crapesnya.
Kucing itu mengeong semakin keras ketika Tyaga mencuil sebagian ikan tuna dan memberikannya pada si kucing. Melihat si kucing makan dengan lahap membuat Tyaga membuka bungkus crapesnya dan memberikan seluruhnya pada si kucing. Akhirnya pemuda itu duduk di bawah, memerhatikan si kucing makan sampai benar-benar habis.
Setelah menyadari jam sudah menunjukkan pukul tiga sore, Tyaga mengelus kepala kucing itu dan bangkit dari posisi duduk bersilanya.
Kucing hitam itu berhenti menjilati kaki depannya ketika sadar Tyaga sudah pergi meninggalkannya. Dia mengeong keras, kaki kecilnya berlari mengikuti Tyaga tapi tak sampai karena pemuda itu sudah keluar taman dan menghilang tanpa jejak.
"Apa kamu ingin bertemu dengannya lagi?"
Suara seseorang membuat si kucing menoleh dengan kepala miring ke salah satu sisi. Ada seorang anak lelaki dengan sayap keabu-abuan dengan taburan sparkle cantik berwarna putih yang melayang rendah memerhatikannya.
"Aku bisa membuatmu menjadi manusia ...," dia menggumam, turun perlahan hingga kakinya mendarat mulus di atas rerumputan. "... tapi hanya sementara."
"Meong?" kucing itu sama sekali tidak mengerti dengan ucapan bocah kecil bermata biru tersebut.
Bibir bocah tersebut bergerak merangkai mantera yang baru saja ia selesaikan. Perlahan tapi pasti, cahaya kebiruan keluar dari tangannya yang terjulur ke arah kucing tersebut. Tubuh si kucing terangkat, sekitar tubuhnya dilapisi cahaya kebiruan terang benderang menyilaukan mata selama beberapa detik sampai berganti dengan cahaya putih bersih yang lama kelamaan meredup.
Setelah cahaya itu menghilang, seorang gadis tampak menggantikan posisi kucing hitam yang sebelumnya berdiri di sana. Rambut panjang hitam pekatnya menutupi sebagian tubuhnya yang tidak tertutupi apapun. Mata biru cantik si gadis tidak berbeda dengan warna mata aslinya saat menjadi kucing.
"Uhh," bocah kecil yang baru saja merubah kucing menjadi manusia itu mendecak. "Aku lupa memberikan pakaian untukmu. Maaf," serunya tertahan kemudian kembali merapalkan mantera hingga tubuh  gadis itu tertutupi dress hitam selutut lengkap dengan stocking hitam dan sepatu flat putih yang membungkus kaki jenjangnya.
Bocah lelaki itu mengangguk puas melihat karyanya. Kemudian tangannya terjulur ke arah kepala gadis itu dan memakaikan pita panjang kemerahan dengan dua bel kecil yang berdencing ketika kepala gadis itu bergerak.
"Nyaaa," itulah suara pertama yang dikeluarkan gadis itu ketika menyentuh lingkaran logam berongga kecil di sisi kepalanya. Dia tampak suka dengan hiasan rambutnya yang berbunyi nyaring itu.
"Ayo, kuantarkan pada dia," bocah kecil itu menarik tangan gadis itu sampai ia berdiri tegak.
"Nyaaa ..., nyaaa?" [Kamu ..., siapa?]
"Aku? Kamu bisa memanggilku Baldric."
==========
HEHEHEHEHE. Ada Baldric. Bukan, ini bukan cerita ttg Baldric. Baldric disini berperan sebagai... Ibu Peri WAKAKAKAKAK #plak. Ini masih Coming (Not)Soon yak. Blm tau kapan dilanjut. Cm publish, kalo banyak yg kepengen yaa aku lanjut, kalo enggak, bakalan tetep dilanjut sih (mungkin) HAHAHA :P


Fai yang lebih senang diam dan mengekspresikan kebaikannya dengan tindakan itu terlihat menarik. Terlebih lagi senyuman Fai yang menular, mudah membuat sesak hati perempuan. Termasuk Nira. Nira selalu tidak berhasil menguatkan hatinya tiap kali mendapatkan kebaikan dari Fai. 
Nira akan bahagia dengan perasaannya, seandainya Fai bukan sahabat terdekat Kana, kakak perempuan Nira satu-satunya. Fai terhadap Kana itu bukan hanya tahu, tapi selalu, selalu, terlalu mengerti. Seolah dalam pikiran Fai hanya ada dunia Kana. Kana, Kana, Kana, dan Kana.
Satu hal yang disayangkan: Kana tidak pernah tahu perasaan Fai terhadapnya. Kana seolah sibuk dengan dirinya sendiri. Apalagi setelah bertemu Uki di tempat kerja sambilan, Cafe Aroma. Uki yang aneh, Uki yang sering marah-marah, Uki yang rajin menyuruh Kana seenaknya dalam sekejap langsung mencuri perhatian Kana.
Semua akan biasa, juga baik-baik saja, kalau Kana tidak sering bercerita tentang Uki pada Fai. Kalau Fai tidak selalu membahas Kana tiap kali bertemu Nira.
Author’s Note: Heeeeey people ;) Okay, I know I shouldn’t be writing yet another story that I’m probably not going to finish any time soon, but hear me out…
 This idea was bobbing around my head for ages, and I couldn’t write anything else until I finally turned the images into words, so there.
 ENJOOOOOOY. :3
 
 *
I parked in my usual spot, staring at the huge building in front of me.
 School. Oh joy.
It’s not like I didn’t enjoy school or anything – trust me, I would’ve buried myself alive if it wasn’t for my best friend – it’s just the prospect of receiving my daily dose of bullying was rather daunting, as always.
 Luckily, I’d avoided it this summer because my dad refused to let me go anywhere alone. It sucked, but it was better than having my balls crushed into powder.
Oh, where are my manners? I haven’t even introduced myself yet.
 I’m Dan Forest. In case you’re wondering – no, I do not have green leaves for hair and twigs for arms. My oh-so easy to tease last name has nothing to do with trees or nature or blah blah blah. My grandfather just decided he wanted to be different.
Idiot.
Back to me…um…honestly, there’s nothing even remotely interesting to tell.
I’m your average eighteen year-old gay dude.
 Oh, that’s right, I’m gay. Queer. A faggot, as many of my ‘intelligent’ classmates like to call me.
And no, I’m not interested in glitter or fairies or the idea of magic, in case you’re wondering. I don’t have the slightest clue as to why any presumably straight guy would assume all homosexuals love glitter. Like, no.
 No.
I grunted, stepping out of my Audi TT – bought for me by my oh-so loving parents on my sixteenth birthday – slinging my bag onto my shoulder.
 I kicked the door shut, locked the car and shoved the keys into my pockets as I leisurely began my short journey to hell.
In case you haven’t noticed, I hate my school with every fibre of my being. Thankfully, I’m in my senior year, and I’ve only got to put up with incoherent Neanderthals called the Blue Devils football team for one more year.
 Twelve months. Fifty-two weeks. Three hundred and sixty-five days.
Oh joy.
“Hey you, in the tutu!” A loud voice jeered. I rolled my eyes, not even bothering myself to turn around.
 They must’ve thought their rhyming skills were rather impressive, but on the other hand, they just chose words that ended in the same letter.
Idiots.
 I continued my already grim walk to the school, hoping the jocks wouldn’t attempt to call me again.
“I’m talking to you Queerest!”
 I grunted audibly, still not allowing myself to give them the satisfaction of my response.
Queerest – as many of the beefed-up athletes like to address me as – is a nifty combination of ‘Forest’ and ‘Queer’. Sadly, they assumed they’d invented a new word.
When Bree Tomas returns from a year fashion trip in New York she expects everything to be back to normal. Little does she know about the famous Bad Boy that came to their school a couple weeks after she left.
Ryder Anders is the school bad boy. All the girls want to be with him and all the guys wanna be him. He has a Lamborghini and a motorcycle not to mention he's very rich and very hot.
What will happen when Ryder sets his eyes on Bree will she fall for the bad boy charms or carry on hating everything about him especially his name....
All Rights Reserved @kiyah12xox
He was fixated with drugs. She was fixated with him. 
+ + +
So this is another idea which popped up in my mind. I thought - why not give a story to Drew (Cole's brother, The Misfit Diaries) as well?
And I came up with this. 
The only thing I can say right now is that this is going to be EPIC. 
(My priority is still The Misfit Diaries.)
Although this is a spinoff, it can be read as a stand alone book. You don't need to read TMD to understand FIXATION.
IMPORTANT:This story will contain strong language, drugs, sexual scenes, depression, bisexuality, dark themes etc. Leave this story if you cannot handle this kind of stuff.Do not send me hate later. Don't say i didn't warn you.
Much love, bitches.CallmecrazyXo
Hello my fellow readers! 
To officially stake the claim on it...
The plot, characters, storyline, ideas, and any other rights in this book belong to the author and only the author, KMMY G--otherwise known as Kaitlyn Gleeson. The scenes and story of this book are completely fictional and of the imagination of the authors mind. Any resemblance and/or similarities to real life scenarios or individuals is purely coincidental and not of purposeful copying. Any infringement upon the property rights of the author--such as plagiarism, copyright violation, unlawful thievery of the story, broadcasting, selling, etc.--is against U.S. Copyright laws and will be dealt with in a legal setting. 
Copyright © 2014 by KMMY G.
PS: do you guys like the cover? It's by savvyinpink 
Also, I originally wrote this story when I was like 14-15, so PLEASE have mercy on me with the story, it will be sometimes rushed, and some things might not make sense. 
It is being rewritten, so don't hold anything against me!
Enjoy!
***This story has been rewritten after it's completion, so if you've read it before you might want to read it again. It's a bit different this time around. 
Chapter 1 
Singing.
Its a way of expressing yourself. But for me, it is a way of going to another world and it matters to me, because I'm one of those shy awkward nerds. And yes, I legitly do have those wide framed glasses. I also spend my time in the corner of the lunch room, headphones plugged in, pencil in hand as I write song lyrics. Who knows? Maybe I'll be famous one day.
Since I liked singing so much, I started this channel on Youtube called Girl Behind the Mic. But I didn't put my name because people wouldn't watch someone like me sing, so I will remain anonymous. I only record a microphone and my lips. I never really wore make up so I put bright red lipstick on when I sang. I guess it was enough for a disguise.
I posted my first video and when I woke up I had a hundred or so views. A smile was on my face as I looked at the number, sure it was a somewhat small amount but at least some people listened to me sing.
The next day, I posted another video of me singing a song I wrote about true love. It's a pretty easy subject to write about, I mean it's every girl's dream to find it, right?
Turns out I was right, and when I woke up I had thousands of views.
What suprised me the most was when I got to school everyone was talking about this 'girl with an amazing voice'. I smiled, but like always nobody noticed me. You're probably wondering, how come so many people heard about me sing? Well apparently someone on Facebook shared my video and nearly the whole school listened.
My day was anything but normal. I headed to my first class and then accidentally bumped into Jonathan, the most popular guy in school. The stereotype for popular people is that they have money right? Well he definitely does. According to the girls who gossip in the hallway, his dad is a police officer and his mom is some company founder or something like that.
"Sorry," I said as I bent over, scrambling to try and gather my books and glasses that fell down.
"Watch where you're going, jeez you're such a dumb blonde." He said, rolling his eyes and walking into the classroom with a group of guys behind him.
I am not a dumb blonde! Ugh, I just hated that stereotype. Everyone always underestimated me as a blonde.
I grabbed my books and walked into class, Ms. Monroe, my math teacher, was passing our math tests back to us.
I studied for two hours straight the night before the test and it definitely paid off, I got an A. Looking towards the back of the room I saw Jonathan, he got a miserable D.
After spending most of the class period reviewing the test answers, the bell finally rang and I gathered my books. As I was about to walk out the door, Ms. Monroe called Jonathan and I over.
"Jonathan, this is Emily," Ms. Monroe said with a smile on her face, as she pointed to me.
"Um, hi," I said avoiding eye contact.
"Hey," he replied and looked at my grade on the math test, atop my pile of books.
"Emily is going to tutor you before school starts every morning until you get your grade to a B in this class." She announced.
"What?" Jonathan said.
"You are failing math, and she is the smartest one in the class." Ms. Monroe said.
Jonathan muttered something along the lines of 'fine and whatever', before storming out of the classroom. I tucked a strand of my blonde hair from the side of my face and looked up at my teacher.
"Ms. Monroe, why do I have to tutor him?" I asked.
"I'll give you extra credit, but it's not like you will need it." She said going back to typing on her computer.
"But it's not really going to benefit me." I said adjusting my bag's strap.
She thought for a second,"Oh I know! I'll write that reccomendation letter you keep asking about."
Darn, she knew I kept asking her about that for the past 2 weeks.
I reluctantly agreed to tutor him and headed to my next class.
So the shy girl with only one friend, has to tutor Jonathan Nicoles one of the most popular people in school?
Where is the logic?
I usually practice singing in the morning. Great, now I have to come school earlier just to tutor some guy who's failing math. Could my life get any worse?
Author's Note~
Check out the trailer to the side even though I took down the cast, I still love it <3
Quick Notes:
COPYRIGHT: This story, "Girl Behind the Mic" including all chapters, epilogues and associated content (possible spin-offs, characters, eReaders, etc) is under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. All rights reserved by the author or creator of this work (purple_princess143 aka Isabella, my pen name) and any unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. All infringement of this copyright is punishable by law.
Copyright © purple_princess143
1. This story was started in June 2013 and was finished at the end of August 2013 so anyone with the same story concept or part of the story is not authorized unless stated, which is nobody currently, to be able to write a spin-off or use any of my original ideas. If my work is being published on any other site or with any other name such as myself please contact me immediately.
2. This is my first story here on Wattpad and well it's not the best. If you want top quality writing you can leave now. I have a lot of errors in this story including capitalization and comma use so sorry about that in advance. Also it is very cliche and it's not that good but since people seem to still be reading this story I'm keeping it on here.  
3. Comment or votes are greatly appreciated as this story is public to Wattpad and the entire world wide web so if you don't comment or vote it's like stealing a library book without giving thanks to the author/ paying for it.
Anyways enjoy the story <3
A|N: Hi I am Charlie Renee and this is my original book Finding Noah. If you're here you probably clicked on it out of pure curiosity or you liked the cover and you came here to bash my writing skills anyways WELCOME!
All Rights reserved, no part of this book maybe be copied or reproduced in any form whatsoever without the permission of the author. Do not steal my work, although I doubt someone will waste their time to rewrite the chapter seeing as you can't copy and paste. But I do own this work and I take my time to write it and post it .
Hi guys! Glad you decided to check out the spin-off, I promise you won't regret it! Thank you so much for being here and now, without further adieu, let's get this story underway! 
Please don't forget to Vote, Comment, Share, and Follow! Thanks!
Chapter Track: "Bad Decisions"~Ariana Grande ~~~
~Jude~
"So, you know how you're supposed to slur when you're drunk," my friend Payton mumbled to me as we laid back on my bed, staring up at the ceiling after a long day at school. I studied the swirling patterns of the white roof and gave a quick 'uh huh' absentmindedly. 
"What if that's like, talking in cursive or something," He said and I paused my breathing for a moment, glancing at him from the corner of my eye before sighing. It's best not to comment on these types of things when it comes to Payton. He's a, well, special thinker.
"No really, think about it!"
I am thinking about it but I'm also thinking that you're just the smallest bit insane. 
Of course I didn't tell him my thoughts, instead settling with a tightlipped smile and nodding.
"See that's what I love about a mute friend, they never tell you when they think you're an idiot," Payton chuckled to himself, sweeping his long, ginger hair to the side and I smiled, shaking my head. 
"I'm not that mute," I whispered, my voice raspy from lack of usage, and he shrugged, slightly curving the left side of his mouth upwards.
"Eh, you might as well be Judey-boy. You're pretty dang quiet," He responded, crossing his arms behind his head, and I squinted my eyes before sighing. He was right, what's the point in arguing?
"But that's not necessarily a bad thing. I mean, look at me. I'm a loudmouthed, self-proclaimed badass and I'm always getting into trouble with the 'rents. You, on the other hand, haven't even seen the slightest moment of a time-out," He added and I smirked at him, causing him to glare playfully.
"Well, evidence shows that you are prone to being a more rambunctious individual opposed to myself, who is of a more, structured personality," I said and he stared at me for quite some time before sighing and rubbing his face in agitation.
"See that's your problem, most of the time you don't talk but when you do, I can't understand you," He said, chuckling with his hand on his forehead and I laughed quietly. The orphanage certainly wasn't the best place to spend my time growing up, but the immense amount of free time was more than adequate for reading. So, once I paved my way through the orphanage's small amount of books, most being aimed at the younger children, I moved on to the largest book we had; the dictionary. I was just about to explore the thesaurus when  Mr. Anderson and Mr. Thompson adopted me. 
"Yes well, years in an orphanage will do strange things to you," I told him and he shrugged nonchalantly. Payton had been one of the lucky ones, escaping the system almost instantly. After only being trapped for five months, he was adopted by Dakota and his boyfriend. 
"Yeah, that makes sense. Um, if you ever wanna talk about it-"
"No thank you."
"Yeah, I expected that," Payton sighed dejectedly and I frowned deeply, sitting up to look him in the eyes. 
"Yeah, yeah, I know. You've never told anyone about it but c'mon Jude, we've all seen the scars," Payton said angrily, his volume getting louder, while raking his hands through his hair in frustration. 
"My name is Taylor Brixton and I'm the gayest pimp you will ever meet." I said crossing my arms. My teacher looked at me confused and some students laughed while some mugged me. 
"This bitch ain't no pimp." Some irrelevant nigga said. 
"Watch yo girl. If you even got one lil boy." I said mugging him right back. 
"That's enough! Taylor, you should know that I don't tolerate cussing or vulgar language in my classroom. Anthony come see me now!" The teacher said shaking her head. I took a seat right next to Anthony's seat just to fuck with him. I'm sort of a trouble maker but he pushed me there. 
"You're cute. What school are you coming from?" A girl said from beside me. I turned and looked at this bad ass bitch and bit my lip. 
"I just transferred from South." I replied. 
"I'm Rina. Excuse my boyfriend. He's always trying to start stuff." She said. I looked at her with wide eyes. 
"That nigga Anthony bagged you? How he do that?" I asked in pure confusion. This nigga butt ass ugly and Rina is bad as hell. 
"His..humor? Yeah that." She hurried with her answer as Anthony came back to sit down next to me. I shot a smile at him and he rolled his eyes. 
"Quit talking to my bitch." He said. 
"You scared?" I asked propping my chin up on my fist. 
"Fuck no I ain't scared. Just quit talking to her. Fuck. I hate dykes." He exclaimed. "Always think you can steal somebody bitch." 
"Better watch what the fuck you say. End up in a ditch for all I care.." I said, shutting him up. Class flew by and as we stood up to leave, Rina slipped a paper into my jacket pocket. I winked at her and left the classroom. She gave me her number. 
I went to my next class and since it was full of lames, I went to sleep. A few classes later.. I met this girl. She was the complete opposite of me personality wise. Nice to everyone, always smiling, constantly dancing. I was annoyed at first then intrigued. Maybe I should get to know her. But then again, she's annoying. 
I sat down and she smiled at me. She was lightskin with straight hair in a ponytail and was clearly a stud. I threw up a peace sign and put my head down. 
"You're the new student, Taylor, right?" She asked. 
"That's me." I stated.  
"I'm Shauna." 
"Coo." I said. 
"I heard Anthony hates you already." She said trying to start a conversation. Might as well. 
WARNING: The comments on this story are full of spoilers, please don't read them if you don't want to see spoilers
----------------------
 "Emerson, wake up! It's time for school!"
I groaned at the sound of my mom's voice and rolled over, checking the time. I had a half hour to get ready for school.
I dragged myself out of bed and grabbed clean clothes, pulling them on. I brushed my hair and teeth before heading out to the kitchen.
My mom tossed me a granola bar, which slipped through my fingers and thumped on the floor. I mentally sighed as I bent down and picked up.
"Smile," she said, coming over and ruffling my hair.
"I just brushed my hair!" I whined.
"It looks bad anyways. Put a beanie on," she said.
"Thank you mother," I grumbled, stomping back into my bedroom. I grabbed a beanie and pulled it on, hiding my messy hair.
I went back out to the kitchen. Mom glanced at me and nodded in approval at my lazy appearance.
"Alright, bye Emerson. Try to b in a good mood," she said, coming over and kissing my cheek.
"Yea, yea, yea," I grumbled, slinging my backpack over my shoulder and grabbing the car keys.
I went out and got in the car, pulling out of the driveway and taking off towards school. I pulled into the school parking lot and put my car in park, just as it started pouring rain.
My jaw dropped open as I stared out of my windshield at the sudden downpour. I let out a frustrated yell and grabbed my jacket.
"Great. This week is just fantastic," I snapped at my steering wheel as I pulled my jacket on and flipped up my hood.
I got out of my car, ducking my head low and locking it. I stuffed my hands in my pockets and started up the hill to school.
I let out a little yell as I slipped and fell to the ground, my knees splashing into a puddle. I grit my teeth as I heard laughter behind me.
I pushed myself to my feet, not turning around to see who was laughing at me now. This was officially the worst week of my life.
Reaching the top of the hill, I pulled my hood down and stepped into the hell known as high school. I looked down at my soaking wet jeans and clenched my fists. I began to walk through the school, heading towards my locker.
I walked by a group of kids leaning against a memorial locker from some kid named Adrian, and they stared at my wet jeans. I ignored them and kept going until I had reached my own locker, and put in my combination.
I shrugged out of my jacket and hung it in my locker. I exchanged a few books and shut my locker, heading down the hallway.
The bell exploded over head and I winced, realizing that I was late to class again. I hurried down the hallway to my homeroom, throwing the door open and stepping in.
My body instantly relaxed as I realized that we had an elderly substitute. The guy didn't even bother a glance at me as I moved towards my desk.
I set my bag down and fixed my beanie. I looked down at my jeans again. They were clinging to my body uncomfortably.
Arms wrapped around my waist, and I mentally groaned. Great, as if I wasn't already in a bad mood.
"Hi Matthew," I said, my voice emotionless.
Matt spun me around and inspected my wet jeans. "Fall walking up the hill?" he guessed.
"Ding, ding, ding! We have a correct answer," I said, turning to sit down.
 © Copyright 2016~ Purplepuff aka Diya ~ TOMBOY
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Note: Hello lovelies! It means the world to me that you've taken an interest in this story. I hope you enjoy it and if not, that's completely OK with me too. The reason? Well, I wrote this about four years ago when I was still in high school, so as you can guess my writing skills weren't really up to scratch! I still hate going through this and editing it because I shiver and think "What was I thinking?!". However, I decided to keep Fake Fiancee on Wattpad because it was my first completed story and reminds me that I actually achieved something (LOL), and I have a feeling if I deleted it, there would be some angry peeps out there :P Soooo, I'd just like to tell you that this story is still a work in process. I've subtly edited chapters here and there but I warn you, they are definitely not perfect (ESPECIALLY the first half of this story). I'll stop voicing my thoughts now ... ENJOY GUYS AND LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK!!! xoxo
*   *   *
Hollywood, Los Angeles.
“Have you seen the papers?!”
Shaking my head slowly, I sipped my cup of coffee. Who cared about the papers other than Steve? He was all about reputation and looks these days and to be honest, it was frustrating . I think it had something to do with his boring lifestyle where he worked all the time. He could really learn to let loose once in a while. Maybe I would have to be the one to teach him that. I brightened at the thought of changing my manager’s ways, but it quickly disappeared once he opened his mouth again.
“People are doubting you right now, Henry!” he chastised. Ouch. His voice was quite loud and I had only just woken up. It was ten in the morning for god's sake! How the hell did he wake up so early anyway? Big-time stars like me needed as much dozing off as they could. “You might be a great actor and all, but you have to keep up your reputation!”
“I am keeping up my reputation,” I replied easily. Really, I was becoming sick and tired of the same old arguments with him. He treated me like a kid. Sometimes we got along and had a laugh, but it was hard when he was usually in work mode all the time. I tilted my head to the side (which kind of hurt due to the hangover) and watched, amused, as his face became more livid. “As a ladies man.”
Steve let out a loud, exasperated sigh and rolled his eyes. Typical. “Not that reputation! I’m good with you being seen as a bit of bad boy as it gains more fans, but not the male version of Lindsey Lohan! That’s just asking for some prsion-time!”
I made an innocent face. “What’s wrong with that?”
Steve growled and shoved the paper in my face. It made me go cross-eyed as I tried to catch a hold of the headlines. “Tequila shots? Five girls hanging from your arms? No wonder you couldn’t get out of bed today! Literally!”
I shrugged as I remembered being woken up by Steve. He had stormed into my bedroom, yanked open the curtains so the sunshine would leak in and repeatedly yelled at me for being out of it. When it was obvious that I wouldn't get up, he had proceeded to slap me on the face non-stop. He had ordered me to get out of bed, except the problem had been that I couldn't, so Steve had been given the tough job of dragging me out of bed and to the ensuite. I had taken a cold shower after that so I could wake up more. It was still a miracle that I could actually get into the shower.
As I chuckled about my absurd morning, Steve’s face changed. Uh oh. I knew that look. He had the ‘I have an idea’ look and no offence, but he never had the best ideas.
“Ok,” he said, the tone of his voice all business-like. “Look here – We’re going to get your reputation back. Instead of the status as a ladies man, we’re going to change it to engaged.”
Hey Guys! 
its the Joker and Batman AKA the fantastic duo. 
we dont really know what to write so we'll just go with the flow and tell you some meaningless stuff. 
1. we are awesome ... not to brag or anything but we are weird people so never mind us. 
2. we are kind of writing this book for the sake of fun and giving you all something interesting to read. so please do give the book a chance and dont stop reading for example after the first chapter cause the joker is gonna be pissed, like really pissed. 
3. dont you dare send us hate. if you dont like us then just dont say anything, deal? cause in all honesty if we get hate, we're gonna get into depression and finish all the McDonalds on this plant then you're all gonna suffer *joker's evil laugh* 
4. we have a crazy load of tests, homeworks and studies most of the time so we'll only update during weekends that is mainly thursdays and fridays. 
5. the batman is gonna be uploading chapters in lily's POV while the joker is gonna upload Nate's POV.
6. if you have anything to tell us or share with us then do! no seriously, do. 
7. its a copyright and this jazz so dont even think of copying our epicness. 
8. i think this is getting pointless so enough. 
thanks for reading our randomness, that is if you did and didn't just skip it you cheeky people. *smirk* 
the awesomest duo, 
batman and the joker. 
"Joker: why so serious?"
So, are you ready to be thrown into some situations with your crush by two people that know absolutely nothing about relationships????
*cricket* *cricket* 
That's the spirit!!!  Ok, so we know that all people are not straight, however, we are. We also are not telling you that you can't read these if you aren't. So if you want, ignore the pronouns he and she, an adjust it to your liking. These are written in a BoyXGirl format. Just giving everyone a fair warning. 
Here's a key for most of the things you will see, so maybe you'll understand what's being talked about.. 
(Y/N): Your Name
(C/N): Crush's Name.
(B/F/N): Best Friend's Name
(C/F/N): Crush Friend's Name
(F/F), (F/D), (F/C), (F/FN): Favorite: Food, drink, color, fandom.
(H/C), (E/C): Hair color, Eye Color.

Those are the main things you will need to know. Anything new or not frequently used we will put in a short authors' note at the beginning of the chapter.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Saph: I think that's good enough
Cookie: Same. LET THE GAMES BEGIN!! 

Chapter 1- Aren't You Going to Apologize?
Emma's Point of View
The way you move is like a full-on rainstorm
And I'm a house of cards
You're the kind of reckless that should send me
“Emma Jacobs!”
I let out a short gasp as I look up from my iPod. “Wha?” I mumble softly before I notice that my English teacher, Ms. Thompson, is glooming over my desk with an angry frown on her face.
“No listening to music in my class,” She scowls, gesturing to the ear bud that she had just pulled out of my ear and rudely interrupted Taylor Swift’s voice of magic. “You know the rules, Miss Jacobs.”
I send her a sheepish and what I hope looks like an apologetic smile. “Sorry.” I squeak, realizing that everybody in the classroom is looking at me now, and I sit in the back of the room, so it’s kind of really embarrassing. It’s not like people haven’t gotten caught with their headphones in before, I don’t know what the big deal is. I also don’t know how she caught me, since today we are reading independently from The Great Gatsby, and I already read it so I don’t see the reason for reading it again for Ms. Thompson’s benefit.
She gives me one last dirty look before moving back to the front of the class room where her desk is while I pause my music from my phone and stuff my ear buds back into my pocket as my best friend, Claire, sends me a teasing ‘you got in trouble’ smirk that I stick my tongue out at. She’s gotten in trouble way more than me this year, so I don’t know why she’s being all smirky.
Soon, the bell rings and I’m free from Ms. Thompson’s wrath. I don’t like that woman.
“I can’t believe you got in trouble.” Claire snickers as we walk side by side down the hallway towards lunch. Finally, food. We have lunch sixth period, the last period of lunch of the day, and it’s agonizing to a food enthusiast like myself. Not only do we have to wait until 1 p.m. to get lunch, but we get the left-overs from the other three periods of lunch. It’s cold most of the time and it’s just no fun to have cold pizza after starving for most of the day.
“I know!” I wail. “I’m a good kid; she’s just a cranky old lady.”
“Ms. Thompson isn’t old.” Claire points out. “She’s young and she’s actually really pretty.”
“It’s to hide her bitchiness.” I tell her matter of factly. It probably is true, too. Ms. Thompson was one of the youngest teachers in the building, yet she was also one of the meanest, which makes no sense. Everybody knows that young teachers are supposed to be the nice ones. She’s breaking a very strict cycle of tradition and that’s just not cool.
“Yep, that’s it.” Claire agrees sarcastically. “It couldn’t be that you were actually caught doing something wrong or anything crazy like that.”
“I already read the book!” I claim. “I don’t need to read it again, I know how it ends and everything. She’s just a stupid person.”
“What’s up with the frown, baby face?” Mason’s voice breaks into the conversation on our way across the school to the cafeteria. Mason’s another one of my close friends, even though he insists on calling me baby face which makes no sense to me. I think he does it just to get on my nerves, and most of the time, it works.
“She got yelled at by Ms. Thompson.” Claire sings teasingly as she scoots over to the left to allow Mason to squeeze in between us as we walk through the throngs of busily rushing students on their way to their sixth period classes.
AMY'S P.O.V
"so wake up . your sleeping heart and we will dream a dream for us tha-" i cut my alarm clock which was blasting wake up by the vamps. i seriously love that song. 
wait let me introduce myself hi i ashley graham. i am victoria secrets top angel . not to brag about myself, but i have  an excellent body shape. i woke up streched a bit and then jumped into the shower. it was soothing and the hot water was relaxing my muscles then i wore my nerd outfit because it wasnt easy to go to school as amy sanders without getting mobbed by fans and paparazzi
i wore the same old baggy jeans, sweatshirts, my fake braces and glasses and old tore converse.
i then applied my face pimples and i was no where near to amy sanders. then i grabbed a granolas bar and exited my house then went to the garage , saw my bestie kelly waiting for me outside i held up a finger went in the garage and saw my favourite 8 cars i see everyday. a red and a black lamborghini, a pink lamborghini, a white and a red ferrari, a yellow mustang, a black and yellow buggati, and a range rover my favourite. 
i hugged each car by the hood and went to kelly who was waiting patiently for my outside cause she knew me and i did this well, almost everyday. i sighed looking at the disgusting vomit colour van that was no where near to drivable. well we are nerds. and let me tell you when we arrive school it would be ten times worse.
---SKIP CAR RIDE--
ok ladies and gentlemen welcome to california high school. and let me tell you its the home of assholes. we went inside and i looked at kelly who had the same look as me. a big fat frown. we never wanted to come to this high school. oh i forgot to tell you that jessica is also a model but she worked for vogue. 
we went on to our lockers and i bumped into no other than 
ashley and her minions lucy and alyssa . this cant get any better can it? i wish i could show her who i really am i would wonder what her reaction would be but then again who wants to get mobbed?
i was snapped out of my thoughts with an insult i never wanted to hear but it wasnt ashley it was 
ryder flynn
 he is the badboy the jerk the jock and almost everything but to me he was an ass****. 
i never really wanted to look at his face today or ever but he had to be an ******** and come to me to insult. well let me tell you he hated my guts.
( hey everybody*sings hey everybody by 5sos* how did you like it ? was it okies or nope ? anywho i just wanted to know how y'all are and thank you somuch for reeading this chapter . i'll try to update very soon but soon my school is starting so plz try to cope up any way you know the drill.
VOTE
COMMENT
FAN
LIKE
SHARE
FLY AWAY
ANANYA:)



        Đây là hình của Tiểu My trước khi xuyên nha các bạn ~
__Tôi là dãy phân cách câu chuyện của nữ chính mà mọi người yêu mến _Hoàng Tuyết My __
 -    Vì sao?  Dưới nền đất lạnh lẽo, một cô gái khắp người đều là máu, ngước đôi mắt chứa đựng sự bi thương và thống khổ tột cùng  lên nhìn một nam một nữ đứng trước mặt mình. 
Lúc còn nhỏ, cô cũng có gia đình như những đứa trẻ khác, có sự quan tâm và chăm sóc của ba mẹ, cả nhà cô sống trong những ngày tháng vô cùng vui vẻ và hạnh phúc. Nhưng đến khi cô lên 4 tuổi, mọi thứ bắt đầu sụp đổ. 
Ba mẹ cô bị ám sát trong một lần đi mua quà sinh nhật mừng cô thêm một tuổi. Ngày sinh nhật đáng lẽ là ngày vui nhất của cô nhưng hôm đó lại là ngày cướp đi mọi thứ tốt đẹp nhất mà cô đã từng có. Cô chú giả nhân giả nghĩa đón cô về nuôi nhưng khi về đến nhà thì trở mặt. Bọn họ cướp tất cả tài sản mà ba mẹ cô đã gom góp rồi bắt cô làm việc như một người hầu. 
Mỗi khi cô không làm được việc thì họ lại đánh đập, chửi bới cô mà quên rằng cô chỉ là một con bé 4 tuổi, cô cũng cần có ước mơ và sự chăm sóc như những đứa trẻ khác. Nhưng cô không một câu oán giận, vì họ cùng chung dòng máu với cô, vì cô vẫn còn có thể ca hát. Cô hát rất hay. Giọng cô nhẹ như cánh bướm lại trong trẻo nhẹ nhàng, thánh thót như chim vàng anh. Mỗi khi buồn, cô hát, mỗi khi làm việc, cô cũng hát. Cô hát cho vơi đi sự trống trải nơi trái tim .Nhưng ông trời dường như vô cùng thích hành hạ cô. 
Năm 8 tuổi, cô mất đi khả năng ca hát trong một lần bị cô chú đánh đập. Bác sĩ bảo cô vẫn có thể nói bình thường nhưng không thể hát được nữa. Hôm đó cô nhốt mình trong phòng sau khi đã làm xong những việc được giao mà khóc. Những giọt nước mắt như những viên pha lê rơi tí tách xuống nền đất lạnh lẽo. Sau hôm đó cô dần sống khép kín, không nói chuyện với một ai. Đời đâu biết được chữ ngờ..., sau khi lấy được hết tài sản họ bắt đầu tống cô vào cô nhi viện. Nó có cái tên rất hay ''Smile'' nhưng chỉ có những đứa trẻ sống trong đó mới biết nó thối nát đến mức nào. 
Hôm nào bọn cô cũng phải mặc quần áo rách rưới như ăn mày, ăn xin nhờ vào sự thương hại của mọi người. Nếu không mang tiền về sẽ không được ăn cơm. Mà cơm bọn họ cho cô ăn không chỉ không có đồ ăn mà còn bị nhiều người giẫm đạp dưới chân. Nhiều lúc cô tự hỏi : Cô đã làm gì để bị đối xử như vậy? Cô cũng như bao đứa trẻ khác thèm khát tình yêu thương và sự chăm sóc của người thân, điều đó là sai sao? Sống trong Cô Nhi viện mà cô thấy như sống trong địa ngục tối tăm. Bị những đứa trẻ lớn hơn bắt nạt, bị đánh đập, đi ăn xin nhờ vào sự thương hại của người khác. 
Đến năm 9 tuổi, đời lại trêu ngươi, cô được một người đàn ông nhận nuôi, nhưng ông ta chỉ xem cô như con cờ để lợi dụng. Cô bị bắt vào khóa đào tạo làm sát thủ. Ngày ngày cô phải huấn luyện, học tập vô cùng nghiêm khắc. Cô phải giẫm lên xác của các đồng đội mà sống. Dần dần cô trở thành một cỗ máy giết người. Phải, cô giết người không gớm tay, mọi người nói cô độc ác cũng được, nói cô không tim không phổi cũng được nhưng liệu có ai biết cô thèm khát sự yêu thương đến nhường nào. Khi đó, chỉ có anh và cô ta là quan tâm đến cô. 
Dần dần cô trở thành một sát thủ chi vương tinh thông mọi thứ, là quân cờ tốt nhất để ông ta sử dụng . Cô cũng đem lòng yêu anh. Lúc cô bảo anh bỏ trốn, anh thoáng cứng người một lúc nhưng rồi cũng đồng ý. Khi ấy , có trời mới biết cô vui đến nhường nào. Nhưng tất cả chỉ là một vở kịch, anh đem kế hoạch của cô nói cho ông ta biết và mọi chuyện đang xảy ra như thế này.
Quay lại với câu chuyện.
       - Cô thật ngu ngốc khi tin lời tôi nói  _ Anh ta cười mỉa nhưng trong mắt rất nhanh vụt qua một tia chua sót
       -Tôi là người của tổ chức, cô nghĩ tôi sẽ phản bội nó ư, nực cười. Thiệt không ngờ sát thủ chi vương như cô cũng có lúc chật vật như vậy.
       - Đây mới thật là anh sao? _ Cô cười buồn
       - Phải. Boss đã sai chúng tôi giết cô, số cô đã tận rồi. Nếu sống lại lần nữa, hi vọng cô đừng ngu xuẩn mà có ý định rời bỏ tổ chức_ Thiên Vũ nói, súng trên tay bắt đầu lên đạn.
           Pằng...Viên đạn vô tình lao đi với tốc độ xé gió bay thẳng đến con tim cô. Nhưng nỗi đau ấy lại chẳng thể nào sánh với nỗi đau của tâm hồn cô lúc này.
     Nở một nụ cười thê lương, cô gắng gượng nói hết câu:
       - Tạm biệt, .....cảm ơn hai người.....đã cho tôi sống.....trong những ngày tháng....hạnh phúc đến như vậy...
     Chất độc từ từ lan tỏa nơi trái tim, cô nhắm mắt để chịu đựng cơn đau, nhưng một ý chí vô hình đã giúp Tuyết My nói hết câu:
       - Cho dù là giả vờ, tôi vẫn....mãn nguyện....vì có người quan tâm tôi,.... chăm sóc tôi, nâng đỡ tôi... trong thế giới toàn mưu toan kế hiểm này....Chúc hai người....sống tốt...
      Khoảnh khắc ấy, cô ngã xuống, trên môi vẫn hiện hữu nụ cười. Cô ta mau chóng bước đến cạnh cô, nấc nghẹn ngào :  
        - Tiểu My, xin lỗi cậu, nhiều lắm.....
First Chapter: FOOD FIGHT
I woke up with a sudden jerk. I was on the bed in the clinic? I guess that I was here because the only person here with me was....
"Sienna, I'm so glad you're awake! I was so worried that you fainted----"
"WAIT hold on. Did you just say FAINTED????" I almost screamed with the highest pitch of voice.
Is she seriously saying that I collapsed in front of the whole school? I mean like-
"Yeah Sien, I'm serious, do you remember what happened 30 minutes ago? Like, in the canteen. Oh gosh I'm sorry if you've gotten a concussion because of me I mean I didn't mean to-"
"Gosh Maria would you chill it out?" Don't get me wrong here but sometimes she drives me nuts with her continuous blabbering and I don't know what's more important at the moment. To think about her continuous and unstoppable speech or what happened in the canteen!
30 minutes ago....
I was on my way to the canteen and I had almost tripped on a banana and when I saw that I was on the arms of Cameron freaking Hamshaw, I almost died of embarrassment. So anyways, I steadied myself until I stood on my two feet and then I see that the guy has already left my side and entered the canteen before I could thank him, so I decided to chase after him.
"Mr. Savior, thank you!" I yelled to him and saw that all the students were looking at me. That's when he turned back and I saw what he was wearing. I would call him a SEX God if he were not Cameron Hamshaw.
Cameron Hamshaw was the the Badass of our school! And if you're thinking that he is one of those cliché types of guys, he is totally not! Cameron is one of the most handsome guys in the whole town. All the girls love him! Sound cliché much? What's so different about him is that he never talked to anyone other than his two best mates Andrew and James. They were the other hot guys in our school. I mean like somebody should really make him speak. Is he like mute to girls or something?
So when I see what he's wearing today, and must I say he looked very sexy, he smirked his signature smirk and walked away. What an ass! Don't lie to yourself Sienna, you know you're find him hot. SHUT UP CONSCIENCE!
As I turned around, my hair was soaking wet and I suddenly realized that Queen B, Amanda Carter poured her Diet Coke all over me and now I'm fully wet!
So I decided to ignore her but when I walked towards the nerd table, all the food on my plate landed on Amanda's clothes and she looked at my face with fury and anger. Just as I was about to run, someone I didn't recognize from the crowd yelled "FOOD FIGHT" and the whole cafeteria began throwing food all around.
I ran towards the doorway to exit the canteen, when I felt something heavy hit my head and I fell to the ground! The door hit me!
Copyright © 2014 . 
 All rights reserved.
I stared down to my legs which were glowing in the water of moonlight. I smiled and made a movement in the water. The still water got disturbed and it excites me. I did that more vigorously.I laughed out on my behaviour and suddenly i heart a voice, the mesmerising husky voice...
"Wassupppppp.???" He slurred down beside me thrusting his long legs under the water just like me. I looked at him and showed him my beer bottle which was almost empty just a few more sips were there.He smiled amd we toasted the bottle and gulped down all the liquid in to our stomach. 
"Ahhhh...!!! Epic it is" he said shaking his head in side ways in excited voice.
I smiled and placed the beer bottle on side.
"Waise how much you drink yaar? I didn't know you are that much interesting" he said.
I chuckled and said "you don't know me yet" He laughed and then turned his face towards me.
"So then... give the honours to me to know you" he said in one of his deep intense voice.
I sighed and looked away from him, i could feel him coming close to me beside me. 
"You know, you are just like a carefree bird, you love to fly, you love to do everything on your own. I love such kind of girls. You are.... just like.... how I like..!!!!" He almost slurred on his last sentence . 
I instantly got up from my seat and stood up. I tried to maintain my posture but this bloody damn alcohol didn't let me do what i want. I fumbled on my steps and he stood up immediately and held me tight in his hold.
And then i saw from which i am scared. I am scared to look in to his eyes, that charm in his eyes can blow away any girl, well any girl. But yeah not me, but today even me, cause i am under alcoholic situation. 
"You are way to beautiful" he tucked some hair strands behind my ears. 
I gulped down and finally spoke " we have to stop" 
I back away from him.
But he came close "why?" 
"Because we aren't in our senses" i said 
"I am in my senses" he said confidently 
"Still we have to stop" 
"I asked why?" He stood almost leaning on to me because while stepping backward i was technically pinned to the tree just beside the swimming pool. 
"Because..." I said and stopped, i can't even tell him why? I know the reason very clearly. 
He stood an inch away from me, his nose almost touching to mine "because?" 
I gulped down and said finally "Because she is still your girlfriend" 
As soon as i spoke those words, a wicked smile appear on his face and he leaned more to me and what he said next was not new at least not for me.
"We just broke up." He said and the next moment his lips were on to mine, sucking and nipping. I couldnt believe i was finally kissing HIM. But this is wrong, but this feels so good, so so so good.
I cant stop myself not today, it will be a mistake which we did after consuming a lot of alcohol, but...
I pushed him away as soon as her thought came in my mind. 
I panted and he panted too standing a bit far from me and suddenly we heard a cracking sound of a sharp object. We both looked at the side and saw them standing there with a wide open eyes amd mouth. 
But among all i was worried for her, for HER...
I ram to her and stood in fron of her stumbling on my steps.
"It was a mistake, trust me I..."
THWAK...!!
A tight slap came across my face but that was not just a slap that was a punishment for the biggest betrayal in the whole world.
"ALYA..." I heard his roar from my behind and in no time he was beside me.
"I am sorry, i know i have hurt you, but i am.." 
THWAK...!!! 
Another slap...
"Alya, its... its not just her mistake. It was me who initiated it and..." He said but stopped in between because she showed him her hand. 
"How... how could you?" Finally she spoke and i could feel the betrayal in her voice. 
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
Any resemblances to any person living or dead, events, incidents, organization of places is coincidental. 
The characters, places, events, organization, ect. used in the book are a product of the authors imagination and work. This book is fiction. It does no mean any offense or discrimination against any kinds of people. 
Summary:
Mason Walker has always been referred to as the "Olympian" in his family. But now, he actually has a chance for that to finally come true. All the hard work he's put into track, and all the obstacles he's overcome, are finally paying off as he's considered to represent the United States in the next Olympics. Then, everything falls apart. One potentially career-ending mistake and his whole future shatters, causing him to have to re-evaluate his entire life plan.
But when Mason Walker doesn't quit. He's here to win.

This book is part of a series. This is the second book in the series. Here is the order:
1) Living with the Walker Boys
2) Here to Win

There are two versions of this book. This is the original version, before the rewrite. There are differences. I chose to rewrite it because this book has its flaws, but the readers of this story asked me to leave it up, so I agreed to do so.
It's your decision as to which story you'd like to read.

|KASH|
I'm Kash and my twin brother name is Killian. We're just alike. The only way you the know the differences, I'm lighter than Killian. We're both 6'1 with big brown eyes and bodies to die for. We both played basketball in high school until we got pulled in the drug game.
Me and my niggas stood in VIP, popping bottles and throwing hundreds just because we could. A little after 2 we left because there was shit to be done. We sat in the apartment breaking down keys and getting shit packed up. Once everything was good and with the person who would be selling it, me and Killian kicked it in the living room.
|KILLIAN|
"Aye bruh?" He ask while rolling a blunt.
"Sup?"
"Last time you talk to moms?"
"It's been a while, why?" I ask sitting next to him.
"I think we should surprise her."
"Cool,when?"
"I'll get back with you, I'm about to roll."
"Yeah me too,lets lock this place up."
We both left the apartment where we store all the products . Killian jumped in his Bens and I got in my Range Rover and we were out.
|KASH|
I drove straight home, because I was tired as shit. When I pulled up, I saw this girl I had never seen before getting boxes out her car. I parked my car and walked across the street.
"You need help?"
She jumped, I could tell she was unsure about this. I looked in her pretty hazel eyes, then eyed her down, a pretty set of pink lips, Nice size boobs, flat stomach a slim waist and a round butt. I guess she caught me staring because she start laughing.
"What kind of help you talking about."
"Oh, shit I'm sorry, it's just...."
"Save it, but no I don't need help, thank you."
And with that being said she walked off. Damn that girl is fine, but did I just get played like that. I walked back across the street. About an hour later, I heard alot of noise across the street. Smh this girl. I got up and walked outside. I saw the door cracked so I invited myself in. I saw her trying to put a picture up, I walked behind her and hung the picture on the nail. I heard her sigh, I started walking out the door.
"You can't just walk in here like that."
"I just did, but I'm leaving, keep down the noise."
I had to keep walking, because seeing her in those shorts, lord have mercy.
|PAIZLEI|
Who this nigga think he is? I can't lie though, he's cute but thugs I can't stand them. I finish unpacking then went to sleep.
8AM
I woke up early for my morning run. On my way out I smelt something funny. I call the contractor. Once they got here, they told me it was mold.
"So what do I have to do?"
"Well first you need to move all your furniture out and find a place to stay for a while."
I start thinking. I had no where to go. I saw the thug across the street getting in his car, he looked over at me and I guess he saw the worry on my face, he came across the street.
"What's wrong."
"I..."
"She has mold in her house and needs to get her furniture out and needs to find a place to stay." The contractor said getting tired.
"Well, you can stay with me, only if you want."
" I have no choice."
He slid me a key.
"There's a guest room upstairs to the left it has everything you shall need and there's food in the fridge so make yourself at home, and oh I'll get your furniture moved."
I nodded then went back in the house to pack majority of my things. When I came back everybody was gone so I walked on across the street. 
|KASH| 
I can't believe I'm letting this girl stay in my house for all I know this could be a set up. I called my brother Killian and told him I needed to talk so I was about to pick him up. I pulled up at Killians house. Why I waited I rolled a blunt. 
"Sup Twin." Killian spoke.
"Sup, you wanna go to Ihop?"
"That's cool."
Once we got to Ihop and ordered our food I begin to tell Killian about Ol'girl. After we ate he was surprised and wanted to see how she looked. I wanted to see and hear her voice as well. I decided to call the house phone I just got installed.
"Hello." her sweet voice came through the phone. 
I decided to mess with her.
"Where the fuck is Kash?" 
I heard silence then a click.
|PAIZLEI| 
After receiving that phone call it made me think. I was staying here in his house and didn't even know his name. I finish touring the house then went to shower. 
|KASH|
When we walked in the house I heard the shower running so me and Killian decided to play pool. The pool room was to the left of the living room and the walls were replaced with glass so I could see the living room, kitchen, my office and even the stairs. Me and Killian was in the middle of the game when I heard him say. "Is that her?" I turnt around to see her standing there in just a towel. My manhood instantly woke up. 
|PAIZLEI| 
I saw the thug and a man who looks exactly like him but darker. I grabbed the towel tighter. "Sorry" was the only word I could say before I ran upstairs leaving the bag I came to get. I went upstairs and locked the door. I put on a pair of my sleeping shorts and put on my bra. I was about to put on my tank top when I heard a knock at the door. 
"hold on a sec."
I put on my tank top and left my hair the way it was, a messy bun. When I open the door he walked in and sat on the bed, I followed. 
"Sorry." I said 
"It's Cool." He said showing off his white on white teeth.
I start blushing.
"Why you blushing?" 
I quickly changed the subject.
"Somebody called here today looking for an "Kash." Is that you?"
"Yes it is."
"Is that your street name?"
"No, it's actually my real name. I never got a name for you Ms." 
"Paizlei." (Paiz-lei)
"That's pretty."
"Thanks, what about the guy downstairs?"
"That's my twin brother, Killian."
I nodded my head and we finish our conversation. When he walked out, I went to sleep with a smile on my face. I actually might like living here.
A/N: After each part, a couple chapters will be dedicated to posting all the asks and extra content.Note: I do know that a certain frog meme is now apparently a hate symbol. Do not fear! There will be no hate in this comic.Update: WOW GOLLY GOSH THIS WON THE 2016 WATTYS! THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO'S SUPPORTED TFWS!Hi new readers! Note: this is often prone to hiatuses when my Schoolwork Gets Rough. Thanks for checking it out! :DEven newer update: Please don't advertise in the comments. It's not what the comments section is for. I also don't want the comments section to get cluttered with these, so if I delete your advertising comment, it's nothing personal and I wish you the best in your time on Wattpad. TIPS: If you're looking for places to advertise, actual advertising books exist. Also, when I was starting out, I found a lot of help and readers through Wattpad Clubs (on the desktop version of Wattpad) and writing contests on Wattpad. Also, interact genuinely (not just through advertising comments irrelevant to the story you're commenting on) with other people on Wattpad! Good luck!(But really, would you want to receive a notification for a comment on your book, get all excited expecting reactions to your story, and open it to see that it's an advertisement? 😂😭)
Isn't it sad when you get hurt so much, you can finally say "I'm used to it."
---------------------------------------------
Kayleigh's POV
   I stepped out of the car carefully, smiling at my driver before I walked away from the car, and towards the large high school. 
   You might think kids would notice me, because I clearly have money, and my own driver, but that's actually very common in my town.
   I walked down the main hall of the school quietly, trying, as always, not to draw attention to myself. I am able to blend in, usually. I guess that's just who I am, but I'm perfectly fine with that. 
   When I got to my locker, I turned the combination lock, then smiled as I saw the inside. My locker was a reflection of me, the me that no one sees, the me no one wants to see. 
   I carefully drop my wedding ring into the small locked box inside my locker, lock the box, grab the books I need for first period, and quietly shut the locker door.
   I looked around the large hall, trying to figure out the best way of escape. After a minute, I decided to just walk away. People never noticed me anyway.
   I started walking away, not noticing that someone was watching me. When I turned the corner, I let out a sigh of relief, and sat down on the floor. 
   "I have to give you serious credit for that escape." A voice startled me, and I looked up to see a boy about my age, his green eyes twinkling. 
   "I've had practice. Three years actually." I said, wondering who he was and how he had noticed me. 
   "You must be a senior then. So am I, my name is Gabe." He introduced himself. 
   I smiled, and stood up. "Kayleigh." I said, shaking his outstretched hand. 
   "So, I've never see you around before, are you new?" I asked as I started walking to class. 
   Gabe followed me. "Actually, I've lived in this town my whole life, I've always been homeschooled though." He said. 
   "That explains a couple things." I said. 
   "What do you mean?" He asked. 
   I turned around and looked at him. "Well, I'm what people consider a wallflower, no one really notices me. And, by the way you did, I can tell you are new to this whole high school thing." I said. 
   "Observant." Gabe said, watching me. 
   "I've learned." I said simply. "And, I'll teach you something." 
   He stopped walking. "What do you mean?" He asked. 
   I turned back around and smiled at his confusion. "Stay out of everyone's radar. The bullies here only pick on small groups, so don't make any friends and you will be fine." I said.
    Gabe looked shocked, and studied me for a minute. 
   I smiled again. "There's a tip." I said, then turned around and walked into my classroom.
———————————————————Please tell me your thoughts so far!!!
I looked around the church it looked depressed and sad but the bad part is it is Depressed and sad. 
I stopped looking and just looked down a tear rolled down my eyes,  I quickly wiped it away I promised him I Would stay strong,  And I refuse to break a promise. 
I looked up to see my Mom standing on the podium and she started talking "As we all know Michael Brooks was a good person,  he had respect for himself and other's. He was loved and he showed love to the kids and people all around him. He loved his family and it's sad to see him go so soon but it's better to know that he's in a better place " she finished talking and a few tears rolled down her eye. I still couldn't believe my dad was gone. 
I don't feel like living anymore my dad just died , And the bad part is he was innocent. 
I'm Katrina Brooks and this is just the beginning of my story. 
■●■●■●■●■●■●■●■●■●■
Hey guy's it's ya girl meme!!!  And this is my new book Strong Thug Love .
Hoped you enjoyed this short beginning. Stay tuned there's more. 
And go Read my 1st book it's called "Learning to love again "
Vote 
comment 
Fan 
Share 
Status 
Do whatever you gotta do just show me some loveeee
I just want to improve my English by writing this story. To be honest, I can't speak English properly, I can understand it and can write it. I live in a country side that only some of it can understand 'English' and I'm one of it.Should I be proud? Lol nah. But I need someone to edit this book I can't do it own my own. please??
I looked down at the pile of unscrubbed dishes I had yet to clean.
     I glanced cautiously at the green wall clock.It was three o clock as of now,and my soap covered hands started shaking with worry.
     Liam,my foster father was to be home by three twenty.
     I knew that if the dishes weren't clean and put away by the time he was back that he would freak out.
     I picked up yet another scalding hot plate from the sink and started scrubbing it with a sponge.Yesterdays mcrowave lasainina swirled down the drain with a gulp,leaving the dish clear white.
    The front door slammed open, banging against the wall in process.The dish stacks rattled slightley,making a knot form in my throat.I swallowed roughly,hurriedly putting the clean dishes into the open cupboard.
     "What is this?" Liam's deep over ruling voice shouted, making me jump and drop the clean bowl I was holding onto the unforgiving floor.
     Glass shattered, sending shards into every direction.
     Too scared to look up,I bent over and swept a few shards into my left hand.
     
     "What the hell Hadley!" Liam roared, jerking me up by my right arm, "Are you stupid?" He yanked the shards from my hand, scratching me in the process.My palm stung, causing me to wince.
    "You're no good just like you're rotten sister Callie." He growled, pulling me by my sweatshirts sleeve towards the back door.
     "If Im lucky you'll run away." He spat, pushing me out of the house and slamming the door behind him.
     I sat down, pulling my knees to my chest and looked at my hand.
Some blood was drying on the cuts, but not enough to make me worry.I picked out some of the smaller shards and pressed my hand against the cool concrete stair.
     'Rotten sister Callie.' His words replayed in my head.I knew Callie wasn't no good or rotten, he just thinks she is.Where is she now anyways?The last time I saw her she was being buckled into a police car.
     I know she was in deep trouble,but was she back in the system?Trying to find a permanent  home to live in?Maybe she was at a reformatory,like Liam told her she would be.Its been three months since I last her, was she happy?
     I let my mind wander not noticing how long i'd been out in the cold.I leaned against the back door,my mind full of thoughts and what ifs about Callie.
     
    "Hadley get in here and finish the dishes!" Liam yelled out of no where, causing me to jump out from my daze.
     I stood up, carefully dusting off my pants and pulling open the door again.The strong scent of cigarettes filled my nostrils,making me want to gag in disgust.
    I walked over to the sink, seeing new dishes piled up.I rolled my eyes,picking up the same sponge and turning on the hot water.
    
     In the middle of scrubbing a pan, the door bell rang.I tried to ignore it, but whoever was ringing it kept doing it repeatedly,I decided that continuing the dishes was the smartest move for me.
   "What are you deaf?"Liam said harshly,and he walked past to open the door.I peeked my head past the wall, seeing a boy standing at the door, claiming to be lost.
      I shrugged it off, starting back on the pan.I heard the back door squeek, but I figured it was the wind.
    "Hadley." I heard faintly, causing me to whip my head around.I saw Callie standing half in and half out of the house.
   I breathed on through my nose, to stop from shrieking in joy.I waved, motioning for her to step in.
     "What do you think you're doing?" Liam asked roughly, his voice full of shock at seeing Callie.
    Callie threw her arms up in surrender, trying to negotiate with Liam.
     Things got bad really quick.
    Liam reached into a shelf, and pulled out a hand gun.The boy at the door stepped in, making me realize that this was a set up by Callie.
     Liam accusingly pointed the gun at the boy, and back at Callie.
    When Liam's finger went to the trigger, the front door and backdoor busted open.
   "Put the gun down and put your hands up." A woman's voice commanded, I looked in awe as Liam got onto his knees, claiming that it was his house.
     The male police man started cuffing Liam, and Callie ran over to me.I dropped the pan into the sink, wrapping my arms around her waist and shoving my head into her should.
     My knees shook, from suspense, as I saw the police man push Liam out of the house.
    "It's over now Hadley you're safe."Callie whispered into my hair, pulling me closer.
Tessa Clare - She is Fort Heaven HighSchool's Nerd, the one and only Nerd. She is Smart, Sensitive, Shy, Quiet, All alone girl. Tessa has been moved from one home to another, if you haven't guessed it.. She's a foster kid. Her parents died in a Car Crash. But that's not the only thing that Tessa hasn't told anyone, she actually has another life. As in the streets she is known as "Lil T'blaze" the Dangerous Street Racer/Dancer/Fighter! In the Streets she Loud, Fun, Fierce, Honest, Careless, Smart Person. 
Dylan Moore - Dylan is Fort Heaven HighSchool's Bad-Boy, the TroubleMaker. He's Rude, Sarcastic, Annoying, Rich Family, Total Player, and the Bully. He may seem all Cute, at first, but that's jut he Act to get with someone. It's called the Hump and Dump! His parents are C.EO's of a big company, so they travel most of the time.. But he's hardly home too, Dylan is on the Streets, Racing and Fighting to make money. He thinks he's 'Dangerous' but he also thinks he could beat Lil T'blaze! xD
How will this End?
"So we're on for tonight?" Chad asked, leaning against his locker. 
"Pick me up at seven," I responded. 
He winked and pecked my cheek before walking away. 
Chad Roscoe had asked little old me out on a double date tonight. On the exterior, I was as cool as a cucumber but that was all a facade. He was your typical dreamboat. His blonde hair was always perfectly tousled and his eyes, oh his eyes. They were a mixture of the sky and grass creating some of the most beautiful blue-green eyes I had ever seen. Chad was captain of the basketball team while also managing to be our class valedictorian. He was perfect in my eyes. 
My daydreaming was interrupted by a loud locker door slamming right beside my left ear. I rolled my eyes and groaned at the sound of my locker mate for the past three years, Wesley Ridges.
"Snap out of it, princess." He bickered. 
He knew how to get on my nerves. "Fuck you," I retorted. 
Wesley put his hand over his heart and pretended to be injured. "Oh you hurt me deep, Lowell. Right in my heart." 
"I could've sworn you didn't have a heart," I flipped my hair over my shoulder and finished getting what I needed out of my locker. 
"Your comebacks have improved, I'll admit. But I always have the last word." 
"You wish, Ridges." I closed my locker shut and started walking away. 
"You're right, I am your wish!" He shouted across the hall.
I couldn't help but laugh to myself. He's an arrogant asshole and fighting with him sometimes makes my day. I swear it's not as screwed up as it sounds; sometimes I actually think we're friends. We don't actually hate each other. Us bickering all the time is how our friendship works. I'm not really sure how or when we established this but we did. 
He moved to Belmont from some small town in Florida our sophomore year. I helped him get around but of course there were disputes along the way. We were both outspoken and at times stubborn so it was bound to happen. However, at the end of the day, he thanked me. We've kind of been inseparable ever since. 
❋❋❋❋❋❋
I arrived at my best friend's house to get ready for my date with Chad. Astrid was always happy to help but this was an occasion she couldn't miss. Everyone in Hallendale High wanted to score a date with Chad Roscoe. Tonight, I happened to be the chosen one. I wasn't the only lucky girl. Astrid had a date with his best friend, Grayer Thompson. It was truly written in the stars for us.
I got dressed and started working on my makeup while Astrid did my hair. We'd alternate as soon as we were done. It was a system we had perfected. 
"Okay, so this is how things are going to work tonight. We get there. Chad and Gray glance at us and immediately fall in love. We live happily ever after and we have a double wedding," Astrid said excitedly.
I laughed, "You've officially gone insane."
"Naomi, you know I'm kidding," she giggled. "You just look so tense, I thought I'd cheer you up by saying something stupid."
"On the contrary, I'm calmer than I thought I'd be."
"Don't you think that might be an issue?" She asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, aren't you meant to be excited? You are going on a date with the 'it' boy. There's supposed to be butterflies in your stomach," she stated as a matter-of-factly. 
She had a point but it's not like I didn't want him. I just didn't feel nervous. "People handle things differently, A." 
Astrid shrugged and kept curling my hair. We switched and finished in no time. I texted Chad the address he needed to come to and patiently waited for his arrival. Astrid paced back and forth, looked in the mirror a couple of hundred times, and tried to find something wrong with her outfit almost every second. Was I supposed to be acting like that?
A door bell interrupted my thoughts as Astrid rushed to open the door. She had transformed from a nervous wreck to a calm and collected girl. It amazed me every time. The guys greeted us and we made the usual small talk. Whenever Chad would smile at me, I felt the urge to swoon. He was gorgeous. 
The rest of the night went as planned. We went to dinner and headed to the movies afterwards. I was expecting at least one of them to try and pull a fast one on us but both remained gentlemanly. I was genuinely shocked. The date went flawlessly and ended with a goodnight kiss. 
Tonight I was sleeping over at Astrid's house and it seemed like I wouldn't be getting much sleep. She would not stop going on about how great it went. I didn't blame her but it was nothing special. 
❋❋❋❋❋❋
The next day, I planned to go shopping. My brother, Jesse, would have to drive me; to say the least, I felt twelve again. My car was in the shop because something was wrong with the brakes so I was stuck asking people for rides for the day. 
Usually I'd ask Astrid or another one of my friend's to come along but this was something that I wanted to get over with. I had to buy a dress for my Aunt Trix's wedding. I had two hours to find something I liked so I went straight away to a boutique called "Bella Rose". 
With the help of the cheery worker at the front desk, I found the ideal outfit. Feeling accomplished, I walked to the food court and treated myself to a frozen yogurt. I texted Jesse and got no response after half an hour. I started blowing up his phone and even called him. I got no answer. 
"You know, princess, if you scrunch your face up any more than that you'll get wrinkles." I heard a deep voice say. 
I looked up in front of me and saw Wesley standing there with a smirk on his face. "Not today, Ridges." 
"Oh come on, it's always a good day to bug you." He took the liberty of taking a seat in front of me. "What's with the frown?"
"I'm stranded," I whined, crossing my arms. 
He laughed, "You're so fucking dramatic." 
"You know if you're not gonna help-" I started.
"Get up." He stood up. 
"What?"
"You wanna go home or not?" He offered.
With that, we were off.
***
A/N: So this chapter was a little rushed but I want to start working on their relationship and how that situation is going to play out. Editing will be going on so if you see any changes, that's why. I'd love your feedback so let me know of any improvements you think I could make. 

**NO RUDE COMMENTS ALLOWED!** THEY WILL BE DELETED ONCE I'M UN-LAZY. 
Pregnant With The Player © 2011
I know some of this isn't realistic, but I'm working on re-writing it, so it's more realistic, but just bare with me for now. 
THIS STORY IS UP FOR WATTY AWARDS, PLEASE HELP ME WIN BECAUSE I REALLY WANT TO WIN MORE THAN ANYTHING! 
PS. sorry for the next few chapters, they're short. 
Banner to the side made by @EmmaBecca I love it :) thanks girl
Now the featured programing;
"I hate him, I hate him so much!" I complained to my best friend, Haley. "He's such a tool!"
 "You know, I'm starting to think you're falling for him. I mean, you talk about him so much," Haley told me.
"Not my fault he plays with every girl in the whole school like they're toys!" I snapped.
 "Emilee, calm down. We have a few more weeks until we graduate and you won't see him ever again."
"Thank God." Then the bell rang for class and off we went to English.
__
It was now home time and I was off to my locker. I unlocked my lock and put my books into my bag.
I was just about to head out the doors when I bumped into him. His muscular body shot me down to the ground. I looked up and saw his long, messy black hair and deep blue eyes.
"Watch where you're going next time, shorty," Josh told me with a laugh at the end. He wanted to help with my books and bag that were now on the ground but I refused to let him. I quickly got my bag and books and got off the ground and onto my feet.
"Jerk," I muttered when I stormed out the doors. I could feel my face redder than a tomato.
___
I pulled into the long driveway of my mansion. My dad won the lottery two years ago so he bought a mansion and a new car and a lot more. I got into the house and saw my brother in the kitchen making a sandwich.
"Where's mom?" I asked.
"Sleeping. She has a night job, remember."
I didn't reply and went upstairs to my room. I put my bag away and hopped onto my bed. It was big enough for two people. I had a huge room in a huge house but I felt lonely a lot considering mom was always sleeping during the day and working during the night. She worked in a drug store. My dad was usually at work. He had his own company for cars. I had an older sister named Melissa but she is currently in medical school to become a doctor so I hardly saw her. She was now twenty-three. My brother, Mike, was usually playing video games and I never went in the gaming room. He is fourteen nearly fifthteen. 
I was suddenly hungry so I went back downstairs to the kitchen, looked in the freezer for some ice cream. I got a huge bucket of chocolate ice cream out and just took the whole thing to the huge living room and sat down on a three person couch. I turned on the tv and watched an episode of Pretty Little Liars while eating my ice cream. Ah, life just can't get any better, can it?
Usually, I do this when I have nothing to do. My life wasn't always the greatest. Yeah, my dad was rich, but most people didn't care. 
My old life was a lot better than it is now. I used to be best friends with Josh until he ditched me in high school. I had many friends before high school, now I have a few being Haley, Rebecca and Lily. 
I think I need a dog or something so I won't be as lonely as I am now. 
I did have another brother, Mason, but he died as a child. I still remember the day clearly. 
Flashback:
"Mom, me and Mason are going outsie to play ball!" I yelled as I took my one and  a half year old brother's hand and we walked outside. I was seven at the time. Mason and I were closer than Mike and I ever were. Mike was three. Mom always told me I was the outcast because from all the children in my family, I was the only one who's name didn't start with an 'M'. 
I threw the ball at Mason but I missed him. The ball slid onto the road and Mason crawled over to get it. "Mason! No!" It was too late. 
Someone ran Mason over. He stayed quiet and didn't move. "Mom!" I yelled as I quickly ran inside to get my mom. She rushed over to Mason and so did I. She called an ambulance and after a few minutes, one arrived. 
My mom was the only one who got to go in, along with the paramedics and Mason. Mom was crying. After minutes Dad drove me, Melissa and Mike to the hospital. 
We were all in Mason's room. The doctor said he wouldn't make it, his heart was too weak, so he would die in a few minutes. 
All of a sudden, we could only hear a loud beep. 
Mom cried and a nurse put a thin, white blanket over Mason and everyone cried. 
That thought made tears come to my eyes. Oh, I miss Mason so much. 
End of Flashback.
One hour later I heard a lot of rustling outside and I went to the huge window and looked outside and saw we were expecting new neighbors. I ignored it and put the ice cream back and went to my room and blasted music. That got boring after a while so I went to the back yard. I went to the sable on the far left to get my horse, Bubblegum. She was a whitehorse and loved when I rode her.
__
I went for a walk past the new neighbors house and when I looked closely, I saw Josh carrying boxes inside the house.
***
Sorry It's short, but please vote/comment/fan? 
Thanks for reading!
"Are you really going to do it?" One of my two best friends, Lynn said. I nodded, I was really sure about it, and I was going to do it, at least ask him. I haven't even had a single drop of alcohol, so I knew my judgment was pure me and nothing else had an impact on which choice I made regarding tonight.
"So when are you going to ask him?" she asked. I looked over at him, our school's number one player. Handsome, never committing to anyone, captain of the football team, and skilled in the bedroom I have heard. I knew he had taken several girls virginity before, so I knew his answer to my question would be yes.
"Now" I said and started on my path over to him before I could cowardly regret my decision. You know how many regrets giving up their virginity? I'm a little different, I would regret not giving it up if I ever had the opportunity, and tonight I had it. 
I was really going to do this. I was prepared to ask him to take my virginity, because I don't see the point on holding on to it forever, I felt ready to lose it. I was going to promise him I would not get attached or clingy, and the night would not change one single thing about the future, like it never happened.
Now was the perfect opportunity, he was heading to get another drink, no bombshell hanging onto him like a spider monkey, no drunken football idiots surrounding him, time to ask my question.
"Hey Sean" I tried sounding casually. Even though we have never even uttered a word to each other, I'm sure he doesn't even know who I am. 
His eyes scanned my body up and down and his eyebrows was drawn together in a frown.
"Do I know you?" he asked rudely.
"No, we only share some classes, but I have a question for you" I surprised myself by how confident I sounded. 
"Make it quick then, I don't have time for nerds" he said annoyed by me already. I was still not backing down.
"Seeing as you're not a prude, I think I should be straight about this, I don't want to be a virgin anymore and I think you're the best option to help me with that" I said holding my breath, hoping this would go as I planned.
"Oh really? Listen, I would have no problem taking you up on your offer, but you're probably going to get clingy and attached the next day and I don't go that way" he answered, just as I thought. Good for me I already had prepared an answer for that.
"It's not like I like you or anything, I'm asking you because well, you're the player, and I'm not asking this because I want anything between us, I just don't want to be a virgin anymore, and only a guy can help me there, that's the only reason I'm asking. I'm asking you only because you're the one who is probably most willing to take my offer, that's it, nothing personal" I said, hoping he believed me. I don't care who I would ask, I only asked the guy I know would be the one to most likely say yes.
He studied me, clearly confused. I don't know why, he was used to girls offering themselves to him all the time wasn't he?
"You're serious aren't you?" he asked, finally it was dawning onto him I meant every word. 
I admit, now that I knew he would accept the offer and help me out I was a bit nervous, but I know I won't regret it tomorrow, no mattering how sore I would be or even if it hurt so much as they say when I lose it tonight. I nodded.
"Well then, meet me in the guestroom upstairs in five minutes, first one to the left up the stairs" he said and chugged the rest of his drink before turning his back on me. And soon, my life as Virgin Mary would be gone, and I would be just Mary. 
-This is short because it is the introduction to the story, the Chapters will be longer from the Next one-
© Copyright 2013 AddieMaria Addie Maria
All Rights Reserved
_________________________________________________________
"Drink! Drink! Drink!" They chant as I chug down my fourth beer. I can feel the fizzy liquid roll down my throat.
I take one last gulp and slam the bottle on the table. I won.
Sam Worthington; who challenged me to this drinking contest barely even finished his third.
Worhington was a funny name.
He sets his beer down and smirks at me. He probably just challenged me to get me drunk so he can get in my pants.
I make my way up to him and get very close. I can even smell his axe that he genourously put on.
He leans down to kiss me, I pass and whisper in his ear, "Baby, if you wanted me should've just asked." I step away and look at his face; priceless.
I smirk. Then I turn around and walk out of the kitchen using the walls and other drunken people to get myself steady. Four beers can do a lot when you chug them down in two minutes. I go towards the dance floor.
I start dancing with any guy who comes up to me. I'm not a slut; I don't sleep with just any guy. Okay maybe I was a bit of one. But to be honest I was just more of a big flirt. As the bass drops in the song I put my hands up and dance with all of the other sweaty drunken teens.
Until I hear the sirens... Who the hell called the cops?! It isn't my first time being at a party that cops came, but this was where I was going to stay tonight. Why me?
I run towards the back door trying to make sure my drunk self doesn't fall over. The cops couldn't have come before I drank all of that beer?
'Well that's life Andrea.' I tell myself.
I try to push past all of the screaming teenagers. Many of them running around like crazy trying to find a way out. Which makes the screams even louder and my thoughts blurrier.
As I try to crawl under a pack of teens trying to open up a window I know that way more than just a couple of cop cars are here.
I guess that's what you get when you live in a rich neighborhood.
Once I get out of that crowd I stand up and run towards the back door that is only a few feet away.
Then I trip on a shot glass. Fuck.
I try to get up but those four bottles of beer are holding me down. Everything just gets more spiny and I now the alcohol is fully kicking in. I can't focus. I hear footsteps and screaming.
It takes a while to realize that I'm the one screaming.
When I finally get my thoughts back it's too late. Two cops have already cuffed my hands and I'm in a cop car.
Oh life.
Next thing I know I'm in a police station sitting in a small cell waiting for my 'parents' to pick me up. I say 'parents' because there my foster parents. We aren't exactly close.
My 'mom' Samantha, is a biotch. She's very uptight and likes to buy herself many nice things. She's only doing foster care for the money. Like most.
My 'dad' Burt is actually a pretty cool guy, when he isn't drunk off his ass. He lets me drink whenever I want. So I consider him one of my favorite 'dads'. And he never abused me so there's another plus. But basically like his wife, he's doing this for the money.
I don't mind though, it's not my first foster home where my 'parents' couldn't give a shit about me. My real parents didn't care about me either.
The cell I'm sitting in has one long bench in it where about five of us teenagers at the party sit. I'm guessing there's more in other cells.
Prologue
Five years ago 
“Who’s that?” My best friend, Melanie Summers asked from beside me.
I turned my head around to see who she was talking about. “Oh, that’s Michael.” I said, my voice clearly lacking of enthusiasm.
Despite my tone that inched toward I didn’t really like the guy, I can practically see my best friend gleam with excitement. “You know him? Introduce me to him. He’s really cute.” I rolled my eyes at her. That didn’t mean I didn’t agree with her though.
“I don’t really know him that well. He’s my new neighbor that moved in just yesterday.”
“Ooo. Maybe it’ll turn out as a love story. Neighbors turned lovers.” I couldn’t help but laugh at this ridiculous idea.
“He’s a cocky jerk.”
“He’s a cute jerk though.” Mels stated. I rolled my eyes for the second time but didn’t respond.
“How do you even know if he’s a jerk? You didn’t even get to know him yet. What happened to ‘Mels, don’t judge a book by its cover?’” Mels mimicked in a high pitched voice. By the way, my voice does not sound like that. “You’re being a hypocrite Addy.”
I sighed a defeated sigh. “Fine, I will give him a chance but even if I give him a chance, he’ll probably think that he’s too cool to talk to us.”
You see, Melanie and I aren’t exactly the most popular people. We were just normal teenagers. We had a tight-knit group of three friends, including us two. There was also Austen Taylor but I’ll talk about him later.
“Who’s too cool to talk to you guys? I’ll beat that person up for you.” A voice said out of nowhere. I jumped a few feet up in the air since I’m easily scared and let out a squeak. I put my hand on my heart. “Geez, you scared me.”
“I can see that.” He said, trying to hold back a laugh.
Of course, being the great friend Mels is, she was also holding back a laugh. It failed though as she couldn’t hold it in anymore. You couldn’t hear anything since Melanie has a silent laugh. It’s pretty funny because you can clearly see her laugh but you can’t hear anything. This seemed to get Michael to follow suit since he was clutching his stomach, with his head thrown back, letting out a loud laugh. It was very loud, in fact, almost everyone in the cafeteria stopped doing what they were doing just to look at them.
When I looked at the two, I joined in with them since the scene in front of me was too funny. Mels was clapping her hands like a penguin, laughing her silent laughter when Mike looked like he was in pain from laughing too hard. Like I said, it was just all too funny so I joined them. When we all calmed down, we took a few minutes to regain our breaths.
“What was so funny?” I asked.
Mels shrugged, the smile still on her face. “Your face. It was priceless.”
“Yes, that and your laugh.” Mike said, pointing to my brown eyed best friend.
I turned around and looked at Michael. “What are you doing here?” It was pure curiosity, nothing to be rude or anything.
He, on the other hand was a little rude since he ignored my question. Instead, he asked his own question. “So, who’s too cool to talk to you guys? You two seem pretty cool. I’ll beat them up for you.”
Melanie grins at this. “We were talking about you. So, you’re gonna beat yourself up huh?”
“Oh, well in that case, no. I’m talking to you guys aren’t I?”
“Touché.”
“Anyway, I’m not that cool so I’ll just hang out with you guys.” Mels quickly moved aside to let him sit down with us when I tentatively did. I’m more of a shy person when Mels was a more outgoing person. Michael put his arm around my shoulders like we were totally familiar with each other. I shrugged it off but he didn’t seem to get the message as he kept on putting it back around my shoulders. Eventually, I gave up.
At first, it was awkward since it was only him and Mels talking but then Austen came and now, both my best friends seem to take a liking to my new neighbor. I started to warm up to him after the first few days and got to know him better. Mike wasn’t a jerk even though he could be cocky sometimes. He was a really great person to hang out with. As the years passed, the group of three tight-knit friends became four. Surprisingly, Mike was even closer to me than Mels and Austen.
Mike became my bestest friend, a brother I never had, and all at the same time, he became the biggest player I’ve ever met.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hey guys! I'm back with a new story. This is the prologue so please, tell me what you think about this. This was five years ago when they first met Mike but the story will be when they are older. Comment and if you honestly liked the prologue, vote. By the way, if you read "Falling For You" thanks for taking your time to read it. I'm entering it into The Watty Awards. It probably won't get far but I just want to try it. :D
I'm going to work on writing now so until next time!
-karenn♥
This is a work of fiction. No part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system without the author's consent, except where permitted by law.
PLAGIARISM IS A CRIME
A/N: Hey beautiful people! 
Copyright© 2016
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher (me!).
P.S: The characters and events portrayed in this story are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author. To the extent of real names of individuals, locations, or organizations are included in the story, they are used fictitiously and not intended to be taken otherwise.
P.P.S: Sit back, relax and enjoy the ride ;)
___________________________________________________________________________
"Mom come on, I have to go". I whined pulling away from our little hug. 
"I know baby I'm sorry,". She sniffled. " Make sure you come down for the holidays".
"Mhm". I nodded reluctantly as I got my car keys out and got in my black nissan 370z.
"I love you sweetie!". She yelled over the roar of my eighteenth birthday present.
"Love you too, mom". I blushed as some of the nosey neighbours stared at me through their windows.
     I let the top down, turn my radio on and slipped my sunglasses on my face. The gentle breeze was cool but refreshing, which actually describes my decision of moving as far away as possible to a college-forgive me, University- miles from my mom.
  "Send postcards!". She yelled after me as I backed out of the driveway and and drove off.
      A small smile found it's way to my lips once I got on the street and joined the busy morning traffic. Everything seems better and more colorful now that i'm free. The sun is brighter and it's warm light makes my car -the only gift I actually liked getting from my mom- shine against the envious looks from other people with the volkswagen beetle a.k.a punch buggy, and some obvious old used cars. Of course i'm not bragging, i'm not like that.
I'm not like my mom.
  I guess I'm just ecstatic that I get to be on my own now. Away from all the judgemental stares, I was the rich girl who thinks she's too better than everybody else to join the popular clique. The truth is, I don't really care about money because it can't buy me happiness, my happy days are over. I've been disconsolate ever since my dad left us. We don't even know why, the bastard only left a one sentence note.
   My mom got scared and panicked, but right before she called the cops we got a call from the bank notifying us that we've just gotten a large sum of money in our bank account. I was eight. My dad never divorced my mom and my mom never tried to divorce him but we both knew he had moved on and eventually, so did she. The question was,
How did he get so stinking rich?
   We switched from being a typical middle-class family to a stereotypical rich, mansion owning, polo wearing, butler having family in only a matter of hours. Now you tell me something's not fishy about that. Oh, and when I brought it up to my mom all she had to say was,
" Have you seen my sexy italian trainer?, he's supposed to be here by now".
     And the rest of my life has been the same, until now.  Now i'm not forced to wear a new line of clothing everyday, Now i'm not glared upon not only by my peers but my teachers, i'm no longer shunned by my own mother when I decide to go to Publix wearing ripped jeans and a ratty old T-shirt. Now I get to be wild!
I climb out of my jeep and take a deep breath.
 This school isn't big, but it's also not small. It's probably class B at the most.
All arund people are laughing and joking around. It's the beginning of the school year and i don't know anybody here. I have always gone to a big school so it is so different coming to a smaller one.
  "Hey new girl," a voice shouts and i turn to see a girl about my age walking my way. Following the girl like a lost puppy a guy, about 6'2" with blonde hair and brown eyes, walks my way too.
    "I'm Sharon, but you can call me Shar. This is my boyfriend, Bryson," the girl says and i nod a greeting.
  "Ayanna," I say and Sharon raises her eyebrows.
"Interesting name you have there," she says.
"So i've been told," I reply.
"What do people call you?. You know, like, for short," she says in a cheerleader voice.
"Aya," I reply. I really don't like people calling me Anna because i don't think it suits me.
     The guy, Bryson, shifts his weight and sighs loudly. Sharon looks at him and he rolls his eyes at her.
  "Can we go now?" He asks her and walks away without waiting for an answer.
I watch him walk away until Sharon clears her throat. I look at her and she smirks at me.
  "He's my boyfriend. Remember that," she says and walks away.
I blink and stand there in surprise. Was she trying to become my friend or was she pointing out that she has it all?
   The school day goes on and throughout it i hear people talking and gosiping about me. I sigh. These people are acting like they have never had a new person before.
When the last bell rings for school to get out, i am ready to leave this place. I am about to walk out of the school building when i see a football practice flyer taped to the door. I stare at it for a while.
   Maybe i could join football. I really do love that sport. My friends used to call me Football Girl because i was always going to football games and watching it on TV.
 I walk onto the football field and see all the guys pushing and shoving each other. I walk over to them and they stare at me.
   "Um, i think you're lost. The volleyball tryouts are in the gym and not on the field," one of the guys says and i look at him.
   "Nope, i'm trying out for football," I say and everybody starts laughing.
"What are all you girls laughing at?" Coach says as he jogs onto the field.
  The coach takes one look at me and shakes his head.
"You're not going to make the team," he says and i look at the ground.
He doesn't even know me and he is saying that.
   "And why not?" I ask him.
"You are not tall or well built. We always have girls that tryout for football every year and they never make it through the week of beginning practice," he explains and i clench my fists. I am going to make it through and i will show them that i deserve to be on this team.
"I can make it," I say through clenched teeth and coach looks at me.
   "You can sure try," he says and with that the running starts.
I have never ran so much in my life. We did the mile twice, once at the beginning and once at the end, we did lines, we did a bunch of conditioning and by the time two hours was up i was ready to puke.
  I sat down and put my head between my knees and concentrated on breathing.
"She isn't going to make it through the week," someone says and i lift my head to glare at them.
    "Yes i am," I snap and the guys just roll their eyes.
"We'll see,"
I hear someone behind me and i look to see Bryson, Sharon's boyfriend.
   He bends down beside me and looks at his feet for a moment before looking back at me.
"The week only gets harder. You might as well quit," he says and i stare at him.
    "I'm not going to quit," I say and he looks at me.
"Then you will just end up making a fool of yourself by sitting on the bench during the season," he says and walks away.
        I glare at his back and stand up. Fine! If that's the way he wants to play it... Bring it! I'll show him and everybody else on this team.
I get in my jeep and drive home. When i get there my mom is waiting for me on the porch.
   "You didn't tell me you were going to stay after and try out for a sport," she accuses and i shrug.
"Sorry mom," I reply.
   "What sport did you try out for? Volleyball?" She asks and i shake my head.
"Football," I say and she stares at me in shock.
"Finally!" My dad yells and runs out of the house wraps me in a hug. "I knew i shouldn't give up on you," he jokes and i laugh.
     THANKS FOR READING.. SO DO YOU LIKE IT? I KNOW IT WASN'T VERY LONG, BUT I NEED TO KNOW IF PEOPLE LIKE IT FIRST SO THAT WAY I CAN START WRITING LONGER CHAPTERS..
VOTE COMMENT FAN LIKE
THANKS, LOVELIES!!
-becka
What up my fellow readers/writers/people who have a life (unlike me)!!! 
THIS is my second book on wattpad and I am sooooooo freaking excited!!!!!! 
Y'all might know me for writing I Punched A Bad Boy.
If you do, that's freaking awesome!!! If not... Go read it I'm freaking amazing... Jk.... Maybe... 
Aaaaaaannyyyyywwaaaayyyss... To get all that legal stuff out of the way...
The plot, characters, storyline, ideas, and any other rights in this book belong to the author and only the author, KMMY G--otherwise known as Kaitlyn Gleeson. The scenes and story of this book are completely fictional and of the imagination of the authors mind. Any resemblance and/or similarities to real life scenarios or individuals is purely coincidental and not of purposeful copying. Any infringement upon the property rights of the author--such as plagiarism, copyright violation, unlawful thievery of the story, etc.--is against U.S. Copyright laws and will be dealt with in a legal setting.
If you steal anything I will HUNT YOUR BEHIND DOWN.GHehe okay that's it. So enjoy this hopefully hilarious story of SKATER CINDERELLA 
+++++++++++++++++++
Hello everyone! 
First of all I have a love for boy girl names so if you don't like that sorry, the name Logan is a boy girl name and I use it as a girl along with Jayden.
Second, DO NOT copy my book I know there are other books like this but all rights for this book go to me and me only so please don't copy.
Third, this book does have curse words in it but I will not use it heavily.
Fourth, I need suggestions for the cast so if you have someone for the characters comment who you want for what character. Also if you want to make a cover for me that would be great just send it to me through the messages.
Last but not least thank you for reading He's a Father.
"Come on, come on, move a little closer. 
Come on; Come on want to hear you whisper in my ear. 
Oh come on, come on settle down inside my love. 
Accidently in love." I kept singing, rinsing the conditioner out of my hair leisurely. 
BANG. 
BANG. 
BANG. 
"What?!" I yelled, slowly shutting the water off, ringing out my hair with both hands. I already knew who it was with out having to ask. 
"Can we put your little rock show on hold? I've been waiting forever. You can go finish up with your hair brush and mirror in the OTHER room" Jacob shouted from the other side of the door. 
I couldn't help but smile. 
"You know you live next door, that means you have a shower" I called back, grabbing a towel off the wrack, stepping on to the white fluffy shag carpet. 
"I'm coming in, 3-2-1" He counted off, barging into the bathroom. I struggled to cover myself up in time. 
"Eww Mia where are your clothes!" He smirked. 
Blushing, I pushed past him to grab my tooth paste and brush at the sink. I gazed in the mirror, looking at his reflection behind me. I couldn't help myself from gawking when he pulled off his t-shirt. I mean how couldn't I? Yeah after 10 years I should find him repulsive, but no; he's stunning. 
The decision to play lacrosse took hold of Jake's body a year ago, definitely not a bad thing. He wasn't meaty like you would think. Toned, tan, handsome. Perfect combination. His hair was always styled up. It kind of takes hold in a spiky formation on his head. 
Absolutely perfect.
"What are you starring at?" He smiled putting his hands on my shoulder. 
"Nothing," I shrugged him off lightly and spread my toothpaste on to the brush, shoving it in my mouth. 
"Turn around if you don't want to see" He said dropping his boxers to the floor and climbing in the shower. 
"God please give me time to turn away!" I cringed, pretending to be disgusted 
"Awe little Mia hasn't seen one before," Jacob cooed, turning on the shower before stepping in. "Anyways, the parents are going to the Lobster Inn tonight; care to take the boat out with me?" He asked, snapping open the bottle of shampoo. 
"Of course" I grinned a little too widely- thank god he couldn't see. It was just that I was excited- even if it meant nothing...to him 
Isn't that how it always was? The girl likes the best friend but the best friend never likes her back? The stupid cliché life that just happens to be my reality.
HEY I HOPE YOU LIKE
AND THAT IS WHAT SHE WEARS ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I'm so nerves, I should just say it
"I Love you" I finally say  to my boyfriend while we cuddle on my bed
 Liam and I have been dating for about a year, and this is the first time  I have ever said I love you to him
"Love you too" he says and hugs me tighter 
I smile he loves me to, and with that I fall into a deep slumber with my amazing boyfriend
Beep
Beep
Beep
As I wake up from my dream well I wish I could call it a dream but it isn't 
I get up and walk to my bathroom and strip out of my onesie, and adjust the temperature to the shower
I sigh as I feel the hot water touch my skin 
I hate him so much, stupid bastard We were the 'it' couple, I am popular but not the bitchy bully kind 
I can't wait to give him what he deserves
~Yesterday~
"Hey Liam don't forget our 1 year anniversary" I remind him
"Yeah I'll pick you up at 6:00" he smiles and kisses me and says a small 'love you' before walking away leaving me smiling 
Liam is probably a little taller than me but not that much, he has some muscles, and he is good looking 
"Oooh what are you two doing on your anniversary" my best friend Indie asks
"Umm well I think we're going to dinner and I don't know what else" I smile
"So are you gonna give him some entertainment if you know what I mean" indie says while poking me 
"I don't know" I blush and laugh while she pokes me
"OOOOH I don't know" I hear Ash mock me
Ash is the bad boy, Liam hates him because Ash won in some race and Liam didn't, I don't hate him but he can be mean
Let me tell you something he is HOT and he has massive muscles an I bet there Bigger than Hercules, but  I would never admit that to him 
"Oh shut up" I say he walks pass me but stops quickly and whispers
"You know you love it" he the does his signature smirk and a wink than leaves with his friends Roy and Jake 
Roy is like the player of there group (he loves the girls), Jake is like the bad nerd but hot, and Ash is the baddest boy
He has done a lot of pranks and some bad shit
"I swear he likes you" indie says
"Ummm he practically been bullying me when I was younger and now sometimes" I say
"You know what they say when boys bully girls that can mean they like you" she says
"Can indie can" I says
"Hey can can mean a lot of things" indie says with one eyebrow up
"I will admit that can can mean a lot of things, If you admit you and Jake have a thing" I say
"Huh we don't, we never" she says like it was the most stupidest thing to say 
"Stop denying it I CAN see the way you look at him and the way he looks at you, I don't know why you don't just grab you man" I say
S Y N O P S I S
When you lead a life kept to the shadows—metaphorically and physically—it can be hard to make friends. I'm not going to say I was a loser, a complete outcast in my school. In fact, there was no one I shared a hatred with.
My life, which was more or less secretive, was completely shaken when Emmett Dean rocked himself into my world.
Completely uninvited, might I add.
And all he did was spill his spaghetti on me.
~
UneditedThis is unedited. Corrections are welcome, as I am typing up a manuscript for publication as well and would love the help of said corrections. Just don't be rude, or get in arguments over whether or not corrections are necessary. If I deem it rude, the comment will be deleted. Period.
WattysI will be entering this in various competitions that I can find, but I won't say it will win. While I am proud of how it turned out, fifty thousand is not nearly as high as some numbers in these competitions. If there is another Watty award, I'll be entering this story. Feel free to help out on Twitter;)
Any mistakes in medical, legal, and foster complicationsWhile I tried to do my research and make sure things were as accurate as possible, I can't promise any lack of mistakes. I am not a doctor, lawyer, or foster worker. If there are issues, simply tell me and I will correct it in my manuscript.
Concerning the story in generalIf it is stupid or you don't like it, congrats. I'm not going to be rude back. In fact, I will not grace rude comments with a reply in general. I wrote this when I was thirteen, going on fourteen. Therefore, it may not be as professional as John Patterson's novels, or John Green, or a variety of other Johns who love to write as well. I'm not as experienced in life, or legal issues, and researched as thoroughly as I could. (Because we all know the internet is the most reliable source there is;))
All this bitter stuff being said...I love all of my readers! I hope you all vote and comment, and follow! I have an Instagram account, elysemason, and hope you all follow! Yes, there is a Twitter account, but it is not very active. I'm not a very experienced Twitter user. Covers are encouraged! I love to get messages asking if they can send covers and whatnot, and I love to know that you guys loved the story enough to make them!
Also, on a different note, please check out my newest book, Senseless! I'm working hard on it and have never written anything quite like it. I would love it if you gave it a look;)
Enjoy the story!
First of all, I'm so glad you are reading this book! I'm hoping you enjoy this book! I do not have a real update schedule. I update frequently, when I have the convenience. I first started writing this book because I do not have time to write a long book. I never thought a book of mine would get a lot of reads. Now that it has I am going to mention a few things.
1. I do requests. They usually get up fast.
2. I started doing contests for a featuring of a short story written by you.
3. This book is not to be copied. Copyright of January 23rd, 2016. You may not use any part of this book for your own. You may not copy this book and claim it as your own. Any act of copying and reproduction is punishable by law. I hope none of you would copy this. These Imagines are my ideas, except for a few, which will have credit given to the idea holder/ sharer. 
4. I accept tips on how to better my writing as long as it's not completely rude. 
5. I do requests and respond to everyone no matter race, religion, sexuality, gender or likes and dislikes. I will not discriminate. I do however hold the right to refuse a request due to it's content or requests. I also have the right to refuse a request due to rudeness or any form of unkindness.
6. I do not do smut. I will not do this as it puts me out of my comfort zone. I apologize. This is what I mean by content in #5.
7. I love you all dearly, without you I wouldn't be here. Thank you.
8. Please enjoy this book. 
Thank you for reading.
-Hannah
                  
Miren Eze was still talking herself out of murder as she cleared the deep stain of diet soda on her school uniform. Penelope's doing. On purpose.
It would be for the greater good, Miren mentally justified. But she pushed the homicidal thought away as she watched the stain fade slowly under the blow dryer. She bit her lip frantically; she had no time to waste. The Fall Honors Recognition Assembly was in fifteen minutes. And here she was, stuck in a bathroom with soggy boobs.
"You look like shit." Miren's attention shifted to her only friend.
"Just the words I was looking for."
Chara set her backpack on the counter, sizing up the damage. "She really did a number on you this time," she said, hissing. "Geez, what you do? Spit on her Porsche?"
"I'd like to spit in her face." Miren tried not to think about the hell Penelope gave her. Constantly. She shook her head. "Whatever. I just need my button-up to dry."
            "You can't get your award looking like that," was Chara's encouragement.
"You're right. How about I go naked?"
"Ha."
Miren scowled; she wished she could laugh at life right now.
"Hey, why don't we just switch clothes?"
She looked down at her friend. Chara had the frame of what one might expect a young Japanese girl to have—slender and petite. Miren had a similar flat build—but almost five inches on the girl.
"But—"
"Switch!" Chara began to unbutton her uniform. "We're wasting time."
With no other realistic options, Miren stripped with a groan. Chara nodded in approval when they completed their exchange.
"Now you look sexy."
"We go to an all-girls Catholic school for Christ's sake." Miren wrinkled her nose as she tugged at the tightness of the blouse. It fit her form much better than the other one, but that was the problem. Sister Francesca didn't need a reason to rain heavenly fire on her. And now she had one. "I'm pretty sure we're not supposed to look 'sexy'." Chara rolled her eyes. 
"I'm pretty sure we don't have enough time to change your outfit and your attitude."
***
The hallway was empty, but Miren didn't like the idea of running down it. The school was a thousand years young, with Splashers (Penelope's unofficial minions) probably lurking like bitchy ghosts within the shadows. Ready to douse her again. And although it usually felt like a cold slap to the face, she couldn't afford to be fazed by it today. The assembly was her one chance for redemption (well, as much as a black scholarship student could hope to claim in the midst of lily-white, self-proclaimed high school aristocrats)—and recognition for something that wasn't The Incident.
But she wasn't going to go into that right now.
When they made it to the assembly hall in one undamaged piece, the sky had finally cleared, either mocking her or assuring her that things were actually looking up.
Sister Francesca, an older nun and her Ethics in Religion teacher, however, gave Miren a snide look. Before Miren could make a mental note of how un-Catholic her gesture was, Headmistress Castro shooed her toward the backstage.
Thank-you, Miren mouthed to her friend. Chara nodded before taking a seat in the back.
"So kind of you to join us, Miss Eze." There was hardly any venom in her voice, but it was hard to hear her over the crowd—it was a joint assembly, with the neighboring all-boys school taking part in the festivities. Miren sucked in a breath, hoping the act would ease her mind. But this was a big deal—she was apparently a big deal.
"Tama na.. ayoko na.. Ang sakit sakit na ng mga pinapakita't pinapadama mo sa akin.. Hindi ko na kaya.. And you know what? I don't deserve you because I deserve someone better.. You deserve someone who's better than me" Sabi ko at bago pa ako tumakbo pa alis sa parke.. May mga narinig ako galing sa kanya na sana'y hindi ko nalang pla narinig
"I don't effin care anyways.. I know I deserve someone better, yung worth it.. Hindi ka naman worth it eh.. So, easy to get.. Sinagot mo ko ng hindi mo alam kung ano ang type ko sa babae? PATHETIC!" Sigaw nya at umalis na
5 months later..
"Come back to me please.." Sabi nya at nakita ko ang mga luha galing sa kanyang mga mata..
Tama na naman na siguro yung isang chance hindi ba? Binigyan ko sya ng pangalawang chance pero ito lang ang narinig ko sa kanya..
"I don't need any chances"
Sabi nya.. Dapat mapanindigan nya na yun eh.. Ang ayoko kasi talaga ay yung mga taong nabigyan na ng mga pagkakataon pero sinasayang lang.. Ang sabi nga.. "In the end, we only regret the chances that we didn't take' 
Should I gave him a chance? I think no-- 
"Anak.. You should give him a chance" Sabi ni mama
Nasa private airplane nga pala kami, papuntang Korea, ang bansang nakapag pabalik ng mga masakit na alaala at nakapag paranas ulit sa akin ng mga naranasan ko na noon
Nakapag move on na nga ba talaga ako? What are you saying Sabrina? Of course nakapag move on ka na.. Letche kasi talaga tong konsensya na to eh.. Tss.
Forgot to introduce, the name is Sabrina Allysa Mendez.. A 19 year old nerd.. Before, nung hindi pa nya ako nasaktan.. Pain can really change people.. 
Maggie Dawson is the school's nerd. But what most of them don't know is that she is leading a double life as a party girl, a player.
Jason Stevens is the school's bad boy. He has alleigidly slept with most of the female population in the school, but he is actually still a virgin.
This is how they both find love in the most unlikely of places.
***
I know the summary is bad but please give it a chance. Do you guys like the idea?
Please comment any ways I could make the story better, I would greatly appreciate it. ッ 
"Thud!"
"Omg! Watch it girl! You can't afford these branded shoes," shrieked Britney as she rolled her eyes while strutting away from me. And yes, she's that typical popular blondie in my school that most guys would swoon for. Ignoring what she did, I picked my books up while dusting it. 
If you're thinking whether I'm like Britney......well I'm the total opposite. I'm just an ordinary girl with huge geeky glasses on and trying my very best to ace in every class. Oh forgot to mention, I'm Winnie Miller. 
"Hey Tyler! Wanna hang later on? Drinks are on me." 
"Alright dude! Hopefully the chicks there are better than the last time......"
That guy near the lockers chatting with his squad is Tyler Smith. The hottest bad boy that girls are smitten with when he flashes his charming smile to them, except me. I'm just not interested in him and his life. And this bad boy happens to be living just across my house, how much better can it get?
HELL NO I'M NEVER GONNA GET MARRIED TO YOU!
--- 1 ---
ANDY:

"Hey Collie! where the hell are you taking me?"
"I swear you're gonna love it..."
"Argh! At least mention so I can drool on it already"
"Hold your horses' girl! You'll see for yourself..."
I was deadly frustrated because for some reason I hate surprises and right now I was being kidnapped by my BFF and she was taking me to some freaky party I really didn't want to be at.
Wait up a sec! Is she....
"Collie, are you taking me to Austin Blake's party?"
"Right on girl!" she grinned at me.
"But that's the last place I wanna be right now!"
"That's the only place on fire in the town now. we've gotta be there."
"Look, If Seth invited you there, I'd be happy if you go with him, but I'm not desperate to attend a loser's party!"
"Andy! Please... Seth is Austin's best friend, I can't not go... and you are my best friend so I can't leave you! Plus... Seth wanted you to be there too..."
"Right." I frowned, crossed my arms around my chest and sat back. We still had a long way to go and Collie wasn't gonna leave me.
"Trust me... you'll enjoy every bit of it." She grinned mischiveously.
Okay so here's the story of why I was getting all anti-Austin party.
Austin Blake Carlson is like the most popular, hot, sexy jock - football captain - of my school and he's a loser because he uses every other girl who throws herself on him and he'd practically slept with 90% girls of our school.
The rest of the 10%, also called SAV (Still A Virgin a.k.a untouched by Austin) includes me, Collie and a group of emo girls and those who are ugly... according to him.
And let me tell you. Collie escaped his bed because she was his best friend Seth's girlfriend since like forever! And I on the other hand, never threw myself on him so I was safe... for now.
"Andy! What are you doing?" Collie said each word separately through her teeth, startling me.
"What?!"
"You are talking to yourself!"
I shook my head, noticing that we have stopped and got out of the car. Collie came and stood next to me setting her hair.
"Now wear a good face 'cause Seth is coming this way." She plastered a grin on her face and I sighed frustratingly.
"Babes!" Seth hugged Collie just as he came. "You look hot!" Collie just giggled and they starting kissing like nuts.
"You guys just met in the morning right? So give it a break!"
Seth grinned at me and wrapped his arm around Collie's waist. They weren't kissing now but were grinning at each other like retards.
"So Seth... Collie tells me you want me to be here, any special occasion?" I asked quickly.
"Uh yeah... I'm hooking you up with Austin." He said carelessly.
"What? Are you out of your friggin' mind?"
"Why? what's wrong?"
"Wrong? Austin is the last guy I wanna get with!"
A/N this novel has a big brother, called Those Cold Eyes. You don't have to read it to understand, but if you want more... you know where to look. 
Seb peered at the slip of paper resting in his hand. He read the number again and felt with his fingertip along the frayed edge. Blushing, he recalled how he had ripped the paper in two, giving the other half to Kaiden: the part with his own number scribbled across it in rushed handwriting. He had never done anything like that before, and he couldn't understand what had brought him to do it. Perhaps it was those cute dimples in Kaiden’s cheeks, or the spray of freckles on that otherwise flawless skin. Perhaps it was the kind brown eyes. 
He was sitting on his bed, legs drawn up all the way to his chest, his arms hugging them close: as if to protect himself. He blushed again. Just thinking about Kaiden made him all warm and fuzzy, but also terribly nervous. He glanced at his phone. It lay silent on the bed, begging him to use it. He knew he wouldn't dare to call they guy, but perhaps he could just add his number. That was innocent enough. 
He snatched the phone and unlocked it, typing in the number before he had time to second-guess himself. Smiling, he entered the name "Kaiden". He almost wanted to add a little heart at the end, but he knew it was stupid and extremely cheesy. If anyone saw it by accident, he would die of embarrassment.
"Sebastian!" his mother called from downstairs. He rolled his eyes, but put the phone away and left his room. 
"Yes, Mother," he replied as he closed the door behind him with a soft click. Knowing that his little moment of peace tonight was over with that call, he sighed and let his shoulders slump. His mother always made him do his homework under surveillance. It was terrible, almost humiliating and something he would never tell his friends; however, there was no point in arguing with his mother. A year ago, he tried to persuade her to let him do it in his room and on his own, but it didn't work. His mother had this grand plan for him, and nothing he said seemed to make much difference. She never swayed; she never let him slack. 
He had been home-schooled when he was younger, but it hadn't really ended as he got older and was allowed to play with the other kids. She liked to control his studies, telling him that her baby boy would get into Harvard one day. Seb detested the notion with a passion.
"I talked to your history teacher today," his mother said as he entered the kitchen. Clenching his jaw in a silent protest, he counted to ten. Bursting out in anger wouldn’t help him; he knew that already. It didn’t matter that he hated when she checked up on him like that; as long as he lived off his parents’ funds, he couldn’t do much about his situation. Also, he couldn’t really attempt something physical even if he wanted to: he was tiny, even compared to his mother. He waited for her to continue, but all she did was raise one disapproving eyebrow. 
Letting out a soft sigh, he sat down at the table where the textbooks lay open as if it would be more inviting like that. He grabbed the pen, twirled it between his fingers and told himself to stop hating his mother; all she wanted was to help him. 
Two hours later he closed the door to his room behind him. It was getting late, and he was tired after studying for so long. He went to his small bathroom and got ready for bed. As he removed his clothes he looked down at his boxers and blushed. He would never ever show these ones to Kaiden. Just as that thought passed through his mind, he made a little squeal and covered his mouth with his hands. He shouldn't be thinking such things. 
He stared at himself in the mirror, brushing his dark hair away from his green eyes that always looked too big on his face. He hated how they made him look like a girl. It was something with the long lashes that did it. He knew he wasn't much to look at, and he was far too shy to attract attention. So why had Kaiden given him his number? 
He looked away and steered his steps to the bed. Slumping down on the soft mattress, he stole a glance at his phone resting idly on the night stand. A small little flutter of butterflies entered his stomach, but it was mingled with so much anxiety that he wasn't sure if he liked it. He wanted to meet Kaiden again, but to contact him... it just wasn't possible. 
The phone buzzed, and he almost fell off the bed from the shock. He scrambled for the phone and gulped as he saw the name. 
Kaiden
It was a message. 
Hi :)
Seb stared at the word, but especially at the smiley. What did it mean? Did it mean anything? Was he over-analyzing? He fumbled with the phone, almost dropping it to the floor before he put it down next to him. Calm down. He repeated the mantra a few times while trying to slow his racing heart. It didn’t help; everything just got worse as he began to think about what he should reply. He was a silly idiot, and he knew it. 
After taking a couple of deep breaths, he reached for his phone again. It felt cold in his hand, and his fingers didn't want to cooperate. 
He looked at the message again. He had to reply. 
Hi!
He pressed send, and closed his eyes. It was ridiculous—a feeble reply—but he didn't know how to act causal about this. He wasn't used to messages; Dylan and Tyra mostly called, and those were the only friends he had.
His stomach became queasy and got worse by the minute as he awaited a response. He regretted not writing a question in reply. Kaiden didn’t have a reason to text him back, so why would he?
The phone buzzed in his palm, causing the butterflies to dance around inside him again. He opened the message and blushed as he read the reply. 
Can't believe I'm smiling from a "hi"... so how was your day?
Seb's fingers slipped as he wrote; he was so flustered by Kaiden's message that he had trouble remembering what had happened after they'd met at the café. He was also completely clueless about what to write back to those first words. Kaiden was flirting, and he should flirt back, but how?
It was great, meeting you and all...:)
He erased and wrote the same message three times before sending it. The reply came right away this time, even before Seb's nerves started to mess with him again.
Same here. Wanna meet up again?
Seb couldn't believe what he was reading. He was a mess of nerves, jumbled thoughts and raging hormones; he wanted to get up and dance around the room, anything to release everything from its confinement inside him. Perhaps he would put on some music in his headphones and celebrate. 
Kaiden wanted to meet him.
He couldn't believe it. 
He took a deep breath and started to type a reply. This time he didn't hesitate, he didn't erase it; he just wrote it plain and simple and sent it before he could change his mind. 
Yes, I'd love that!
Chapter One
"Dylan Tanner's in town for the premiere of his new hit movie, Hunter. The teenage heartthrob, believe it or not, was actually born and raised here in No-" I cut off the man on the radio by turning it off. I huffed in annoyance. Great. Just Great. He's back.
I pulled up to the parking lot of my school and searched for my phone, checking if I had any missed messages. Nope. I put my phone back in my bag and stepped out of my car. Looking around the parking lot, I don't see a single soul in sight. I walk towards the school's main entrance, passing by a bunch of jocks and cheerleaders on the way. Like I said, not a single soul in sight.
I was instantly bombarded by my friends once I reached my locker. "Oh. Em. Gee! Did you hear!? Dylan Tanner is coming to North Carolina!" Val gushes. 
I roll my eyes. "I just don't understand why he can't have this premiere in L.A., like everyone else does."
"Ooh! I actually read an article on that! So, I think it was because the Theater owner, the one down the street, well, he's really rich and coincidentally was the one who paid for the movie. I think it's called a producer or something. Anyways, he insisted it be there."
"That's stupid." I grumble. She pokes my rib cage.
"Oh, come on grouchy pants," she pokes me again, smirking, "We all know how secretly excited you are."
I turn to her with a straight face and say "I'd be more excited watching paint dry." And turned to leave.
By the time lunch rolled around, all I heard was crap about Dylan. Pardon my language. I'm first to sit at our usual table, waiting for the rest of the group to arrive. The cliché popular table's already here. Their table sits next to our table. I secretly listen in on their conversation. I believe they call it eavesdropping.
"Did you know he's from our town?" some cheerleader caked in so much make up that I can't recognize her face says.
"Yes. Of course I know," some girl says, again unidentifiable. "We used to be best friend." Lies.
"Do you think he'll remember you?!" Clown number one gushes.
"Of course he'll remember me. We used to be so close." Lies. Even if she did know him, he wouldn't remember her. I should know. He forgot me in a matter of days.
"Jessica!" my group strolls in, Nancy calling my name. "You will not believe what just happened!" she laughs. She and the rest of the table are grinning like mad men.
"What?" I say, curiosity perking me up. She puts a bunch of tickets in the middle of the table.
"Mooovie Tickets!" she says in a sing-song voice. Val cuts in, already starting the story even though Nancy obviously wanted to be the one to tell me.
"So we went down to the movie theater, right!? And what we did was..." she goes on and on into detail about how she bugged the owner after getting into his office, and the journey it took them to get there.
"And he just gave you those tickets?" I ask, slightly impressed they managed to do it, even though they've done some pretty crazy things before. "So, what are these for?" I ask, reaching for the top ticket in the pile.
Before I have the chance to even glance at it, she answers "The premiere."
No. God no. They are too obsessed. "Sorry guys," I say faking sadness, "I don't think I can make it that day." I don't bother checking the date on the ticket and excuse myself from the event anyway. I hand Val my ticket, but she pushes it back to me. I don't want it so I throw it back on the pile.
"No." Val says in a stern tone, waving her finger at me like a mother does to a child. "You are going. And that's final."
I sigh. Why don't they let me get out of this? "I'm sorry. I swear. I wish I could make it, but I can't."
"Oh, yeah? Why not?" she puts her hands on her hips and waits for an answer.
Rrringgg!!! Saved by the bell! Walking through the hall, I answer her question in my head. I can't go to the premiere, because I can't see Dylan.
I scurry off to my next class.
Alyce pronounced Alice
Hey, my name is Alyce harp. I am the average teenage student; quirky, silly, polite, and a plain old hard working student. Some may call that a "nerd"
My life was nearly perfect. I thought I could graduate high school with honors, valedictorian and 5.6 GPA. I know that's impossible but I don't stride for anything less than 105%
Little did i know that those dreams would come falling from under size 5 feet.
My goals were ruined when I met your one and only Caleb Daniels. The schools dumb fuck. Ok let me be nice, nevertheless the schools player. So in spite of my constant acts of pushing him out of my life. He seemed to be lacking the knowledge that I didn't want anything to do with him.
I don't deal with those type of boys. but maybe he's the piece of the puzzle that makes my life maybe perfect
#72 in Teen Fiction
-- Trailer made--
Alyce played by Barbara palvin
Vote, comment,
-brownie
     Good day everyone out there, this is the beginning of a new journey and I would wish we take this trip together. Wizard is a book shows how something ancient could fit in a modern world, those who still practise it and how a teenager's life could be affected in this kind of world. There is something for everyone, so my friend, are you ready to take this magical journey with me?
Your loyal guide and protector,AdeAlaoOluwaferanmiO
ALAKAZAM!
okay guys so the chapters are gonna be short. but with me that's mean more chapters and the story will be most likely longer :)
Antwan is the new drug lord. he took over the streets in a year and doesn't want to find love. I mean he does but not anytime soon. his thing is fuck b.tches and get paid. (Antwan looks like Khalil Sharieff)
Sausha is an insecure girl. men call her pretty just to get in her panties and then when they get they nut they true colors come out and they call her fat and ugly. she says she's done looking for dudes that's just gonna disrespect her, her heart cant take it anymore. (Sausha looks like Nastasia from Bad Girls Club) but what happens when.....
WELL DAMN ! READ ON AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS MY LITTTLE DREAMERS :)
- Yours Truly ColdAsWinterAdd my new story Love Affairs and its prequel From the Start to your library.
                                                   [There's a Jock in My Bed Sequel]
                                            Prologue: Is There a Virgin in The House?
 
Ever had one of days that start off bumpy but things go right? The flowers bloom, the birds sing, the children that constantly prank you by ringing your doorbell get run over by a car and limp away like the mutts they are? 
Ah, those days are great right? But something and I mean something, always messes it up. The flowers die, the birds fly away and those little demon kids roll out of the way before the bumper has a chance to collide with their ass.
Yeah, I'm having one of those days......again.
It was Everywhere!
The crimson liquid flowed out of his arm like the Nile as he grunted and groaned in pain. Steam shot out of his ears and his eyes burned with the sun's intensity. Raging, angry and vibrating with sheer antagonism.
 "Who shot you!?" I yelled through frenzied panic.
"They did!" he screamed back, clenching onto his shoulder that still was empting blood. The towel I gave him wasn't much help but at least it kept it from hitting the floor.
"You're gonna have to be a little more specific than that."
His eye shot up at me with exasperated flare. "Bugs Bunny and his marching army of carrots! Who do you think?"
Ignoring his snide comment and thought for a moment. My eyes widened.  "The gang?"
He grunted a reply and slump against the wall. "Bathroom." He asked which really sounded more like a demand to me.
"Upstairs, first door on the right."
He didn't reply - simply limped up the staircase as my eyes watched him, worried and nervous.
Evelyn waltz down the stairs the same time he went up, staring at him in confusion before looking at me with the same eyes.
"Don't ask."
She nodded, tugging that her newly found night gown.
My hands slip up from my side and folded neatly across my chest. "You have some explaining to do Ev. How could you do this to me and to Chris?"
Her eyes smashed into the ground, unable to look me in the face. "I don't know Evan," she looked back up at me with a new and more cunning look in her eyes. "Maybe you can ask the hot guy that is heading upstairs that oozes of sex and sin. I'm sure Jacob would love that."
I narrowed my eyes and traced the inside of my cheek with my tongue. "I didn't screw him Evelyn, unlike you."
She scoffed"Not yet at least."
She must have noticed my lips flare up and ready to attack her so she held up her hands. "Look we'll deal with this later." She said before looking around anxiously. "Where's mom?"
I looked to. "I have no idea but I'm going to be avoiding her since you told that I'm not a virgin anymore. First your mouth now your legs, can you keep anything closed?"
She hissed at me before grumbling under her breath. "Well, at least the day can't get any worse."
"Evan where are you?"
My eyes bulged, my hands shook and a huge gasp left my lips. I leaned in, "That's Jacob's voice." I whispered, clenching onto the top part of Ev's gown.
Getting shot isn't the worst part. It's the aftermath that really fucks you up.
             Six months ago, I was shot and bleeding out in a pool of my own blood on the living room floor. Six months later I sat in a car on the way to a new town to start fresh. In some ways, yeah, the wound had healed. In others, it never would. I didn't care though; the last thing I cared about got me where I was.
             "You'll like it there, Tyson. The Smiths have prepared a new home for you," Misty was saying as she drove along the long stretch of highway ahead of us. She was from social services and was escorting me to my new home in Brewster Creek. It was only an hour and a half away from where I used to live in Lindenwood, California.
             I didn't say anything, personally because I didn't give a shit. Home was just a meaningless word to me now.
             Misty glanced at me, noting my silence. "Aren't you going to say anything?"
             "I can go as soon as I turn eighteen, right?" That was all that mattered. Fuck the rest. Five months and one hundred and sixty days to go.
             Misty sighed. "Look, I know what you're going through—"
             "Word? You've been shot too and all'at?" I glanced her way, annoyed that she had tried to relate to me. Bitch was going home to a million thread count sheets and pillows set, resting easy now that I was off her hands.
             Fuck outta here.
             "Well no, but—"
             "Then shut the fuck up." I faced the road ahead, done talking.
             Misty let out a breath, her light tan skin no doubt holding a blush upon her cheeks. "Do you kiss your—" She caught herself, realizing where she was about to go. "I-I'm sorry, Tyson. You just shouldn't speak that way."
             For a moment I felt an ache in my chest, but I let it go and ignored it.
             I didn't care.
             Half a beat later Misty was rambling on about food. "Do you wanna stop and get something to eat, you must be starving."
             "I told you I wasn't hungry."
             "Oh, well, are you nervous?"
             I didn't think about it or focus on the fact that I would never return home again and lead a normal life. Not like I ever led one to begin with.
             "No."
             "Well good. Think of it as going to a sleepover at an old friend's house."
             One thing was true, the Smiths were old friends, but it wasn't a sleepover, it was for the next five months.
             "It's been ten years since I last saw them," I spoke up. "This ain't no damn sleepover, and it's not about to be all kumbaya, neither."
             I didn't look the same. I didn't act the same. I wasn't the same. And I didn't care.
             "Tyson—"
             "It's Trice." I had asked her to call me that from jump street. No one called me Tyson. Growing up where I was from the neighborhood boys liked my last name better since there was another kid with the same name, and besides, I was a junior.
             I didn't want to think about that. I didn't want to think about anything. I didn't care.
             "Trice, just please, try? I know it's been rough these past few months but now you have a shot at something new and fresh. No more darkness and no more gloom, I promise. The Smiths are good people and Brewster Creek is a lovely town and I'm sure soon you'll be close to your old self."
             Misty had no clue what the fuck she was talking about. My old self? She obviously hadn't paid attention to my file, or else she would've been smart enough to leave it at "a fresh start," and not bring up my past.
             Tyson Trice was dead.
             He died on the floor in the living room that day, and he was never coming back.
             When I didn't respond Misty let up, finally getting that I didn't give a shit either way.
             I didn't care.             
            I hummed a tune under my breath softly, warming up my vocal cords. I was tucked neatly in a sleeping bag with a large thermos of coffee clutched between by mitten-clad hands. The wind howled, sending my hair flying in all directions. I debated setting up my tent, but that would require me to take my mittens off, and I was not so sure I wanted to do that.
            My glasses slipped down my nose, and I sighed, pushing them back up. The bells from the local chapel rang a few blocks over, signaling the time as five in the afternoon. Twenty-four hours from now, I might just be in front of the cameras.
            If I was lucky.
 
            I sighed again and continued humming. I would not let my vocal chords get frostbitten..if that was even possible.
            “Excuse me, but are you the end of the line?” 
            I looked up from the ground, meeting the gaze of a boy, perhaps my own age. His head was covered by a dark green beanie, and like me, he was also bundled up. His eyes shined brightly with excitement, though, and I couldn’t help but note that he was rather attractive.
            
            “Miss?” he asked again politely, and I realized that I had yet to answer him. I also detected a slight British accent, something I hadn’t noticed the first time he spoke.
            “Sorry,” I answered, gesturing for him to sit. “I am the end. Make yourself at home.”
            He flashed me a bright smile, his teeth white and shiny enough to be seen from another planet. “I’m Dex.”
            “Anna,” I greeted, attempting my own smile. Due to my violent shivering, though, it appeared more as a grimace.
            “It’s bloody freezing out here!” he declared, rubbing his gloved hands together. 
            I gave him a teasing smirk. “Winter tends to bring cold weather, yes.”
            “Rubbish,” he muttered, staring longingly at my thermos. I continued humming again under my breath. I knew the tune by heart, but I wanted to make sure that I wouldn’t forget it because of my nerves. “I know that song,” he told me. “Will you sing with me?”
Thank you for the 1k+ views. You guys are the best in the world. Love you so so much.
Dedicated to caramelapplee! Emily, guess who this is? (:
Picture of Charlotte on the sidee~~ Just imagine her with blue eyes(: But if you can't, go to Chapters 2 and 12 for a better image(:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter One- His Number
Charlotte Everley
"Do it."
"No!" 
"Come on, Char. Just do it. We go through it every dang year!"
I looked at my best friend with the usual uncertainty. She was looking at me with an expectant look on her face, her curly blonde hair up in a bun, her gray eyes tinged with a little annoyance.
I sigh.
"Why does it have to be through my phone again?" I say, knowing the answer, but asking anyway to stall this moment for as long as possible.
"Because if it does happen to be a guy, you want him to have your number, not mine." My shoulders slump, throwing all the 'lady training' I had received out the window.  "Come on, Char. It's just one call." She encourages again.
I give her an exasperated look. "To a stranger." She rolls her eyes.
"Look," She says, her gray eyes staring straight into mine. "So you don't know the answerer, provided he/she does answer, but he/she doesn't know you either! It ain't that big of a deal!"
It all started way back when we were little middle-schoolers.
One summer day of sixth grade, during one of our sleepovers, Stella came up with the fabulous idea of calling a random number of our area; which meant with our area code. We ended up calling a widowed grandpa and made good, funny conversation with him. Ever since, we'd been doing it every year, choosing one day of summer to do it, purely for our entertainment.
On the 26th of June of our eighth grade summer, it resulted in something else; something other than entertainment. What? You ask. Well, it resulted in Stella getting a boyfriend.
He was hot, for one. A player for second(or as player as one could get in middle school). The well-known Chad Parker of our school at the time, Henderson Middle. 
But with summer came change, as many say, and by the end of it and the start of high school, the infamous Chad Parker was taken and reformed. If you were wondering, they are still together to this day, this summery day of eleventh grade, even more in love with each other than when they first started dating-and that was saying something.
All because of one fateful call.
Stella, being the kind of person to mark the importance of every achievement(something that Chad constantly had to deal with), marked that day and came up with a different reason to call one random number, every year, on the 26th of June.
What was it?
To get a boyfriend for ME.
Immediately I rejected the idea. Was I really that desperate to resort to calling a random stranger in hopes of him becoming my boyfriend? I can answer that with a definite no.
But Stella being Stella, pulled other cards persuading me into it.
"It's for the significance." She said, her grey eyes pleading. "And it's fun and unique. Everyone knows we do it every year, Char. You can't just stop now." Her eyes held a glint of something else, something I can't describe now. But I knew she had alternate motives.
She wanted me to have what she had; Love. All four letters of it. Her and Chad were the epitome of it, so, being the loving person that she is, she wanted to set me up with someone; even if she didn't know who the person or what the person looked like. 
"This way," She said, when we were having this argument two years ago. "If you do find a boyfriend out of this, we can celebrate together on the same date! How amazing would that be?" But through a random phone call? That was a little far.
While Stella proved to be ruthless, setting me up with boys left and right during the past three years of high school, she relied on pure fate on June 26th,the day her and Chad had their first ever conversation, through a phone nonetheless, to set me up with a random stranger.
"What if the persons a jerk? Or old? Or too young? Or-," She held up a hand, stopping my rapid fire of questions the summer of ninth grade. Then she gave me a look of certainty.
"If that happens, be the happy, outgoing person that you are and make conversation with them. It's simple, Char. Just one call. Granted, to a complete stranger, but what's the harm?" I stood there, my mouth pulled into a thin line. Then I exhaled a long breath.
"Besides," She said, looking at me with a smirk, "I have a feeling fate won't let that happen."
Luckily, fate had been in my favor. For the past two years she'd started trying to find me a boyfriend, both of the answerers have been female, to my happiness and Stella's frustration. 
So here we are today, at Stella O'Bryan's ginormous house, having a sleepover, with my phone in my hands, the number already put in, just waiting for the press of the green icon on the touchscreen.
Suddenly, a burst of energy went through my body, making me feel something close to giddy; a foreboding feeling of something good about to happen.
Looking at Stella one last time, who gave me a nod, I thought to myself, Get ready to meet Charlotte Everley and Stella O'Bryan, as I tapped my finger on the green icon, putting my phone on speaker.
Silence filled the room and anticipation grew as the call initiated.
One ring.....two rings....three-
Then an unmistakably male voice sounded.
"Hello?"
________________________________________________________________________
New story, new idea!
Tell me your thoughts, wattpadders! (:
Hey guys! 
This is the first story I've uploaded to Wattpad, most defentaly not the first story I've ever written. I want to see if people will read my stories and enjoy them. Since I dont like people reading my writting, it took a lot of courage for me to upload this. So tell me what you think. I'd love your opinions! :))
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter One
Harmony's POV
            I creep along the wall of the drug store with my hair sticking up in all sorts of directions. I reach the window, glancing around the alley for anyone, before trying to push it open. The window doesn't budge. Not even an inch. I'm never that lucky. I try to push it open once more, leaning against it and applying body weight, but again it doesn't open. It's locked. I groan to myself.
            Now how am I supposed to get in? I could try and smash it open, but the last thing I need is to add breaking and entering to my list of felonies. Besides, seeing as the unlucky streak I've been stuck in for.....my life began that lovely day in May, I'll probably end up caught and behind bars before the end of the night. 
            I press my face against the window, gazing into the store, conjuring up option on how to get inside, in my head.  
"What now?" I murmur to myself.
            I could always try the front door, but that wouldn't be smart. It would ruin my whole plan to steal medical drugs from the drug store without being seen. From what I remember, I'm already facing a couple years in jail. I don't think one more law violation could hurt me much at this point. If I'm going to jail, I want to go out with a bang. I won't be seeing the light of day for a long time after I'm in prison. 
            I'm pretty positive I can live in jail. I can't however, survive another beating from Kayla going through withdrawal. Unlike most druggies, instead of shivering and shacking with need, Kayla goes off the deep end. 
            
The last time she went without drugs for two days, she decided to use me as a punching bag, and damn, that girl can throw one hell of a punch.
She hadn't been able to obtain her own drugs. I asked her why once, and she told me it was because she didn't feel like returning to jail. Moreover, she's has already been caught and arrested for possession of drugs, and that was her last strike. If the cops caught her again, she was heading for the slammer for a long time. That led her to form her brilliant plan. She figured she could always send me on her drug runs. After all, I was disposable. 
Normally, I wouldn't mind doing the drug runs for Kayla. I'd do anything to keep myself from becoming a punching bag. But now that I'm 18, I have a slight problem with it. 
Since I'm 18 now, if I'm caught, I'll be sent to jail. Which is one place I haven't been to before. Well, that and rehab, but I won't be headed their anytime soon. Jail, on the other hand, is likely where I'll end up if this mission fails. 
I could do the whole daytime thing. Walk in with a gun, a ski mask hiding my face and threaten to kill anyone who gets in my way. The only problem with that is; I don't have a gun. The closes thing to a gun I have is a water gun. A lot of good that'll do me. I can hear it now "Get out of the way, here comes a thief, get out of the way; he's got a scary water gun, ahhh". They wouldn't even bother calling the cops; they'd think it was some sort of prank. Well, if I was in their position if that ever happened, I'd think it was a prank. 
A/N: pic is Tristian's brother, Neko 
Jesse's POV 
"Alright. Thats the last turtle nest. Lets walk back." I stood up and shook the sand off my hands.
"I love the beach." Jackson tossed a seashell into the water.
"Same. Even if its at 4 in the morning."
"The stars are the most beautiful at this time."
"Hey, there's something that washed ashore about a hundred yards ahead of us." I squinted.
"Its probably driftwood."
"Jackson, its moving!" We both ran up. In front of us, was a merman. As wierd as that sounds. 
Its arms were trapped to its sides by a fish net and a rope was digging into the flesh of its black tail, which was painfully bent in the shape of a U thanks to the rope binding it. The fin had holes in it and a fishing hook was caught in it's gills. I'm assuming that its a he. His hair was long and black, clinging to his face. There was a mesh wire trapped under the net and a gash on its arm. But it did look like it could also breathe air. It looked at us, it's bright green eyes full of fear and pain.
"Jackson, we have to do something. Its going to die."
"I have my pocket knife. We can carry it to the center." He got down on his knees,"What do I cut off first?"
"The rope." He got out his knife and got to work cutting the rope. After he cut it, I got to work taking it off its tail while he cut the fish net off. He got that off and also took off the mesh wire that was underneath the net.
"What now?"
"Lets take the shortcut. I'll grab the tail. On three. One, two, three!" We both lifted it up and ran as fast as we could to the center. It never spoke a word.
"Matty, move!" Jackson and I rushed up the stairs and into the medical center. We laid him down on a table and I got to work carefully removing the fish hook from one of it's gills.
"What are you guys doing?" Matty ran in along with our dad.
"Dad, look." Jackson moved so they could see it.
"Oh my God." My dad walked up to the table and it attempted to move away from him,"Its OK. I'm not going to hurt you." He grabbed a wet wash cloth and started cleaning its tail.
"How?" Matty thought aloud.
"Jackson, go prep one of the pools. Jesse, clean that gash on its arm." My dad ordered. Jackson took off and I started cleaning it's arm. When I was done, I wrapped it in waterproof gauze. By the time I was done bandaging its arm, my dad was done with bandaging the tail and Matty fixed up its gill that had the hook.
"The pool's ready." Jackson ran back in. 
"Let's get it in there." We lifted it and walked over to the pool. Me and Jackson got in the pool before they handed it to us. The water helped calm him down. In fact, after ten minutes, he was asleep in our arms. I grabbed the floating mat and we set him on it before climbing out.
"Where did you guys find him?" Our dad handed us towels.
"He washed ashore. He had a fish net trapping his arms to his sides, a rope binding his tail, and a fish hook in his gill."
"Ouch. Did he speak at all?"
"No. He looked really afraid of us."
"Ok. You guys get some food ready for him." My dad left.
The room was cold. And dark. She could hardly see her hand in front of her face, though she was grateful she couldn't. Her hand was most certainly broken and her young eyes held no desire to see the twisted and mangled fingers.
    Footsteps sounded from above her on the hardwood floor. Loud voices could be heard as the monster who broke her hand yelled at his next victim. A feminine voice could be heard as well but that gave no warmth to the little girl huddling in the corner of the basement. The woman upstairs was just as guilty of the girl's pain as the man was. They were awful people, the girl decided, and she prayed she would never have to look upon their faces again.
    More footsteps, more voices. The sound of skin smacking against skin. Again and Again. Then the door to the basement opened and another body was thrown down the stairs. Then more darkness.
    "Genevieve, you okay?" Came a soft voice, a pained voice.
    Then the boy was sitting in front of her, his face bruised and cut as always. But there was a new cut now, a deep red 'X' slashed onto the tender skin of the boy's neck just below his jaw from where the monster must have branded him as he had so many times before. Despite the new cut that would no doubt scar in a matter of weeks, the boy's face was gentle. He wrapped his small arms around the girl's shoulders, holding onto her tightly for the sake of them both. She cried quietly, her sobs muffled by the boy's shirt. But he never told her to stop or to be quiet, they both already knew better.
    "Why did he let you down here?" The girl asked, living up to her dainty name as she cowered in the boy's grasp. She had always been told that Genevieve was such a pretty name, for a pretty girl. But she didn't feel very pretty at the moment. All she could do now was sit in the filth, pray for mercy, and remain absolutely silent. Unquestioningly silent. Just as the boy had taught her.
    The boy held her tighter, rubbing her arms to keep her warm, "I disobeyed. It was the only way I knew for sure he'd put me down here. I had to see you, make sure you were okay."
    So that was the yelling then, she thought. He must have angered his father who had long since turned his fury on the woman upstairs since his only son was now sitting beside Genevieve in the basement. The two children crouched together, in pain and trembling.
    "Don't worry, I'm going to get you out of here." The boy told her, standing on shaking legs and heading towards the only means of escape. A window, placed very high on the basement wall. The boy had considered using it many times when he was locked down here before, but he couldn't reach it alone. And he had nowhere to go.
    "He'll get mad." Genevieve hissed at the boy, cradling her injured hand in her lap. There was no way she'd make it out with only one hand, the window was too high and the trek into town was too long. She'd be eaten by coyotes before she ever made it to the main road.
    The boy tugged at her arm, "I'll deal with him. Come on, if you stand on my shoulders you can reach the window."
    Genevieve shook her head, backing away from the boy, "No. I can't. He'll get me and he'll be mad. I don't want to make him more mad."
    The boy returned to Genevieve's side and gripped her arm tightly. He hugged her again, whispering to her that it would be alright. He was quite wise for his young age of eight, the abuse he's been through helped see to that. There were ways for him to escape, to save both himself and Genevieve, but someone needed to stay behind to distract his father.
    Only one of them could escape if either hoped to survive.
    "You're going to be fine, I promise. Have I ever lied to you before?" The boy asked, patting her hair to calm her rapid breathing. She shook her head, clinging to his shirt with her one hand. She has known the boy for several summers and he never once mislead her. She needed to have courage, like her friend. He was risking everything to save her.
Hello to anyone that reads this,
This is my other werewolf story, I don't know where it is going. It's a bit of everything all rolled into one. Hope you like it- if you read it =)Thank you for reading my work!
------------------------------------------------------------------
I twisted the curl within my fingers, while smiling brightly as I chatted into my phone.  I dropped the curl and leaned over slightly; sending him a nice view of my cleavage. I ran my finger across my collar bone and flicked all my hair to my back.
Arching my soft bare neck out slightly more, showing him my soft creamy skin. I laughed lightly into the phone, not really paying attention to the conversation I was meant to be having, with Daniel. I was too busy putting my plan into action.
 My off the shoulder sleeve fell further down my arm. Pretending to be in deep conversation, I traced down my bra strap slowly. I let out a little sigh, as I pretended to think about something.
I bit softly down on my bottom lip and now for the finale. Slowly I dragged my finger from my bra strap and played with the necklace chain that hung in between my cleavage, turning the pedant slowly in my fingers.
Laughing softly and beaming my flawless smile, “Really Dan I can’t stay tonight. Not after last night-”
“Class is about to start Chloe, phone away.”
 My long eyelashes flashed up at him, I kept control over my breathing; not letting my heart beat accelerate like it normal does. Titling my head to the side and looking up at him.
“Sorry Dan, I have to go. I’ll see you soon.” I sang slowly into the phone.
I closed my phone, having little intention to see Dan soon. “Sorry Mr Clark.”
Xavier looked furious as he stood at my desk, his fists were clenched and his eyes were narrow. I shrugged my shoulders innocently. “It won’t happen again.”
He hated it when I called him Mr Clark, though he was my teacher; and he was the one who said he couldn’t have a relationship with me. He was the one denying me.
The bell chimed and other students began to file in. I was lucky enough to have already had first block in here, so I knew that I could just wait out the gap between modules. I had ignored him when he had entered and just pretended like he wasn’t there.
I had the aim to get under his skin and by the way his jaw was set, his fists clenched and his eyes fading back to their emerald shade. It had worked.
“Chloe, you will not believe what I just heard!” Olivia spluttered as she took the seat next to me, which just happened to be at the front of the class.
“What?”
“That you stayed at Dan’s last night!” she squealed.
“Tell me something I don’t know. And why did you expect me not to of heard that?” raising an eye brow at her; while being well aware of Xavier’s glaring eyes.
“So it’s true!?”
I laughed lightly, “Yes.” I nodded my head to a few people as they walked past, sending a small hello my way.
Olivia’s mouth dropped open and she looked at me with awe. If only she knew the truth. I had only stayed at Dan’s because my mother and father didn’t feel like travelling back into town. My family was close friends with his; in all honesty the night was a complete bore and Dan has spent most of it online with his mates playing call of duty.
I should have never of listened to my mom when she said mates were the best thing imaginable. That was the biggest lie she ever told me. 
Mine was oh so nice enough to reject me. Yeah I know I'm a weak wolf. I know I'm not beautiful or even pretty for that matter. You can forget about me being cute. I know I'm overweight. Yes I'm fat and my wolf is surprisingly small. Don't ask me how that happen. I'm short. I'm shy. I'm eh kinda smart I suppose. I'm not popular. I'm just like they say I am. Pathetic and Weak. 
But is that really a good enough reason to reject your mate?
The one your suppose to love you no matter what. The one that's suppose to love you know matter what. The one your suppose to protect, marry, have kids with, grow old with? I don't think so. But unfortunately mine did. 
In front of the whole school. 
See my life is royally fucked up. My mom died when I was three due to a lovely rouge attack. Guess who's fault that was? Yep you guessed it. Mine. Don't ask me how because I really don't know. I was at home in bed at the time. If its anybody's fault I'd say it was my dads. He should of never had her out that late at night for a stupid late night stroll. But I got the blame for it. 
Ever since then I've been abused by my father. So therefore he hates me. My brothers and sisters hate me. Everybody hates me. I'm bullied everyday. The sad part of is, is I'm suppose to have alpha blood in me. Who bullies an alpha? Apparently everybody. I don't know the whole story. I only got the gist of it. 
My mom wrote me a letter before she died. I think she knew it was her time or something. Why else would she write a letter? 
How did I find that letter you ask? 
When I was 10 after a pretty good beating from my father I went to my room debating to just pack up and leave and I was packing I found it in my closet under the floor board. I was just walking, heard a squeak getting my attention. I got down on my knees lifted up the floor board and there it was. 
Anyway in the letter she told me that my dads pack was attacked by rouges and since they had no place to go they came to this pack. And that my dad was the alpha of the old pack. So that means I also have alpha blood in me. I don't know if anyone knows or not. Not that they would care. I mean to them an alpha should be a strong fearless leader. But shouldn't an alpha also be smart, level headed? I think so. 
What do I know? 
Just because I have alpha blood doesn't mean I'm an alpha. I think the first born child is the alpha. Anyway like I said I also have brothers and sisters. I have one older brother Chase. He's 17 and should be next alpha in line but since their pack is wiped out. Well ya know unless he goes off and starts his own pack. 
Then I have Blake he's 15 and then there's April she's 14 and May she's 13 then there's me I'm Victoria I'm 16. Yeah we are all one year apart. 
We live in a huge mansion with most of the pack. Some live around town in their own houses. 
Our mom died when I was three she was a beautiful women. From what I remember she was sweet, loving, caring everything you could ask for in a mother she was. 
My father is a creep of a man. I hate him. No really I do. After my mother died the wonderful beating began and they began on just me. No one else just me. I don't know what I did to deserve them. I didn't kill my mother. I don't bother people. I always stayed to myself even as a child. But did that stop them? No. 
Every day they just got worse and worse. Now I get from everybody even my younger siblings. Yeah believe it or not they beat me too. Just because I'm smaller than them. The beatings from my father no one ever sees them happening. Shocking I know considering we live in a huge mansion but my dad is sneaky. 
This is how my day started to turn upside down.
"Victoria get your sorry ass down here!" my oh so lovely father yelled. I jump up from my bed and run downstairs because if I don't I know what's going to happen. 
"Yes father." I say bowing my head stopping in front of him. Because if I don't I'll get hit. 
Smack. 
Like that would stop him. It doesn't matter what I do. I'll get hit anyway. 
"Make breakfast. Now!" he growls at me. 
"Yes sir." I step away from him and walk to the kitchen. I start making breakfast. Eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes for the whole pack.
"Hey fatass." my lovely sister April chirps coming into the kitchen as I'm setting the table. "Hurry we don't have all day!" she growls at me as she sits down. I just nod turning on my heels. "Good morning Vincent." I hear her as she practically purrs. All girls do. 
He is the next alpha. Why wouldn't they? He's tall, dark, handsome and the brooding type. He just grunts sitting down. He isn't one much on speaking in the mornings. Or at all really. Unless. 
"Damn it Vicky what did I say about having breakfast done before I got down here?" he growls at me as I set the last plate down in the table. I keep my head down. See I'm not even suppose to look at them. 
"Sorry sir won't happen again." 
"It better not you stupid bitch!" he snarls at me. 
He won't hit me. I don't know why but he just won't. He won't even touch me. Last time he did was on his 16 birthday. That was about six months ago. I just nod turning on my heels going back upstairs to get ready for school. I'm not allowed to eat until they have eaten and left. 
Yeah I get scrapes. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Vote, Comment!!!!!! Thanks for reading, fanning me, commenting and voting.
We were going to be late.
We had had forty minutes to get to the airport. And we were going to be late.
I was driving nearly 20 miles over the limit, trying to get my Giulietta to reach her maximum. But unless a miracle happened and she turned into a Batmobile, there was no way we were going to make it to the airport on time.
"Come on, come on, come on... " Sierra rocked back and forward in her seat, her eyes focused on the road.
"Shut up, Sierra. You're making me nervous."
"Oh, I'm sorry. It's just a hundred dollars and my life at stake. No pressure."
I rolled my eyes.
"Maybe we would make it if you didn't run around the house three hundred times, grabbing all your stuff in a hurry."
"Oh, shut up. She narrowed her eyes. " I wonder how you would look like if you got to know you had to be on a different continent in two days, smiling and ready for one of your dozen cousin's wedding."
I didn't say anything because I knew she was right. Two days ago Sierra got a call from her mom telling her one of her countless cousins was getting married and she had to come back home quickly. She said him and his fiancee got engaged last week and wanted to get married as quickly as possible. Turns out that if they didn't want to wait until next year, they had to do it next Sunday. And since Sierra was Spanish, she and her family took things like that very seriously. Well, maybe just her family. My best friend thought love was stupid and weddings were useless (just like I did), but even she didn't have enough balls to stand up to her mother. Esperanza Hayes wasn't the kind of woman you discussed with. And she sure as hell wasn't the kind of woman you pissed off if you wanted to keep your head on the right side of your body.
So here we were, on our way to the airport, speeding as crazy but still late as fuck.
Welcome to my life, an endless rollercoaster of unexpected events and stupid coincidences.
I was just changing gears, trying to overtake some Smart, when I head Sierra's scream:
"Watch out!"
I instinctively slammed on the brakes, but something told me it was already too late. A terrible shudder rolled through the car and I gripped the stirring wheel so tight my fingers turned white. A second later I heard a loud crack and I couldn't see what was happening because the safety pillow exploded in my face.
"Si? Si! You alive?" I felt panic rising in my throat.
"Fuck!"
Against everything, I felt the urge to grin. Oh yeah, she most definitely was alive and alright.
The quick flash of good humor instantly passed, though, when I realized what has just happened.
"Christ, damn, shit, fuck..." Sierra was singing her usual litany and bursting out of the car before I could even unbuckle.
Making sure I could move every part of my body, I unbuckled my seat belt and rolled outside.
When I saw what was happening, I wanted to come back in the car, and never leave it again.
There was a black SUV in front of my car. Or rather, on the front of my car, since half of the front mask was shattered and plastered to its bumper.
Oh, no, no, no, no...
Ignoring the cacophony of horns blasting out around me, I rounded the car and assessed the damage.
Fuck.
Sasha Hastings
Starting at a new school is not easy, but for me I like to make a
scene.
I walked through the gates of what I called hell, heads turning my way, I flicked my cigarette into a nearby bush and pushed the front doors with such force the noise made everyone turn their heads.
'Senior year bitches' I thought.
Flipping my sunglasses onto my head, I walked in with my head held high.
I walked into what I think was the reception. " Sasha Hastings" I spat at the fat reception lady sitting at the computer. "Are you new?" She stated bored, " no I'm not new, I felt like walking in and telling you my name, what do you think stupid!" I replied smartly. Suddenly she perked up and noticed that I was being serious and typed into the computer and gave me my locker combo and class schedule.
Okay now let me tell you, trying to find your locker in between 850 lockers is difficult, but being me well I have my ways.
"Move outta my way" I shouted at people who were in the way of my locker. They gave me a dirty look and walked away. Gosh people these days so rude.
I opened my locker and stuffed in my cigarettes and lighter also some books which I wouldn't need.
I took a look at my schedule and saw my first period, math. I groaned inwardly and slammed my locker which made heads turn. "What are you looking at??" I shouted which made people instantly turn their heads away.
The bell had rung and I had extremely slowly dragged myself to math muttering under my breath how much I hate that subject.
I open the door to see that the lesson has started. "Oh! You must be the new girl, hello and welcome I am-" I cut him off "I really don't care". I then walked to the back of the room where some nerd was sitting "Move, this is my seat now" the nerd obeyed and moved to the front.
I sat down and opened my notebook and started to draw random things. I then felt someone's eyes on me, I look to the right and saw a guy in a varsity jacket staring at me. 
"Can I help you?" I asked Rudely. "No" the boy answered, "then what are you looking at" I yelled while slamming my hand onto the table. The boy rolled his eyes and looked away "that's what I thought" I stated.
Once class was over I dragged myself back to my locker to go to lunch, but I had enough of this hell hole so I grabbed my bag and pushed open the doors I walked into this morning and walked to the nearest diner and sat down.
I ordered my usual and ate. When I walked out of the diner I took out a cigarette and lit it up taking a few puffs. In the end I decided to walk "home" and not finish the rest of hell, anyway who cares it's not like I'm gonna get anywhere in life.
I think I made a good first impression on my first day and that would have to be.....don't mess with me bitches!!
=======================
/////////////////////////////
#####################
Omg this is like my first story and I'm writing it on my phone so like there might be lots of spelling mistakes so yeah.
Dedicated to BrokenSparrow for the beautiful cover on the side. If you need covers, ask... Hope you enjoy ! ! !
**********************************************************************************
Chapter 1 The day started like any other day. I got up, went to my twin sisters’ room, and told them that it was time for school. After showering and getting dressed, I went downstairs. Mom was already up making coffee and eating an apple.           “Mom, you need to eat more than an apple,” I told her, grabbing a granola bar and an orange.          “I know honey. I’m just nervous. Why haven’t we heard anything yet?” she asked. She was talking about the fact that my father is in the army and we have not heard from him in about four and a half weeks. We get used to not hearing from him for at least two weeks but it’s never been this long. I walked up to her and wrapped my arms around her.           “I know, mom. We miss him to but we know things are tough over there. Maybe their lines have been cut or something,” I told her, trying to calm her down so the twins wouldn’t see her upset.          “Thanks Claire.”          “Why are you thanking me?” I questioned.           “For staying optimistic, you know that if it had been Lacey or Cassie that came down here, they would be a wreck to. You’re so strong.”           “I get it from dad,” I smiled. “Now, I need to go rush Lacey and Cassie to get ready so I can drop them off at school or I’m going to be late.”          “Ok Claire, have a good day. Do you have dance practice tonight?”           “No, but the girls do. I’ll come straight home after school,” I told her.           “Ok, I’ll pick them up on the way home.”          “Ok.” After I dropped the twins off at school, I drove the fifteen minutes to get to my school. Just as I was pulling in, I saw Duncan Lilly pulling in three spots away from me. He lived across the street from me and I’ve always had a little thing for him but was also nervous around him. I watched as a bunch of his baseball friends swarmed his car and a girl walked up to him and wrapped her arms around his waist. I just slid out of my car and continued to the building. Even though I was on the dance squad, I wasn’t very popular. It wasn’t as if I didn’t have any friends but I normally wanted to be around the kids that were also from a military family. There was not many so we just made our own little group, which consisted of me, Layla, Maxi, Kenneth and Marley. Ken was standing outside the entrance and when he saw me, he walked up to me.           “Looks like it’s just me and you today, kid,” he said, flinging an arm across my shoulders.          “What do you mean?”          “Didn’t Marley call you last night?” he asked. I shook my head. “Her pops got stationed in Germany. They leave tomorrow.”          “Where’s Layla and Maxi?” I asked.          “Layla is sick and I haven’t heard from Maxi.”          “Well, this just sucks. I’ll have to call my mom and tell her I’m going to Marley’s after school. I can’t let her go to Germany without saying goodbye.”          “Can I ride with you?” he asked.          “But of course,” I said. The bell rung and we walked to my locker. Kenneth never had to go to his locker first thing in the morning because he always got his first class book and stashed it in his backpack regardless if he had homework or not.          “So, any word on your dad?” he asked me.          “No and mom is starting to freak. It helps that we’re not on base because I honestly think she would have already had a nervous breakdown if we were.”          “Yeah, that does help. I’m glad we were able to get off the base also. I’m glad dad finally took that office job he’s been offered for the past three years.”          “I bet. I just wish we would hear something from him.”          “I know darlin’. Stay optimistic.”          “That’s exactly what my mom told me this morning,” I laughed at him calling me ‘darlin’. Kenneth was originally from Montana so he had a bit of a country accent. Living in North Carolina, he did not sound out of place at all.  The day wore on and instead of going after school; Ken and I went to visit Marley during our lunch hour. She told me that she was so upset that she only called Ken last night and told him the news. After taking a hundred pictures, giving, and receiving a hundred hugs from Marley and her family, Ken and I headed back to school. When the final bell rung, I went to my locker and put my math book in my backpack. I had to finish off a few problems and that was all I had. The weather wasn’t too hot so I figured that I would go for a run. It was something that my dad and I would do together but this tour called him away. I thought about joining track because I loved to run, but dancing was my first love. When I pulled into my driveway, I just about ran up the porch and upstairs to get changed. After pulling on my shorts and changing into a tank top, I went back downstairs and grabbed my running shoes. I stepped out on the porch and put my shoes on. After lacing them up, I did some stretches. While I was going them, mom sent me a message telling me that she would be home an hour late because Cassie and Lacey’s dance practice was going to be a little late letting out. After replying to her and finishing my stretches, I stood up and looked across the street, Duncan saw me and waved at me. I waved back and noticed that he was walking across the road.           “Hey Claire,” he greeted. Oh my god, he just spoke to me.          “Hey Duncan, what’s up?” I smiled at him.          “Not much, I was just wondering if you would like some company?”          “Sure, I’d like that.”          “Ok, I’ll be right back. Gotta go change.”          “Ok,” I said as casually as I could muster. When he ran into his house, I wanted to do a happy dance but held off because I was afraid that he would be looking through a window. Five minutes later, I saw Duncan walking back over at the same time a black sedan with heavily tinted windows turned onto the street. The tint was so dark that I knew I wouldn’t be able to see inside if they drove by. Those cars always made me nervous. It would either be someone from the Army with bad news about my dad. Then again, it could be like in some crazy movie, it’s the mob. I was kind of hoping that it was the mob because than they would just pass by my house. When they stopped right in front of my house, my breath hitched. I felt Duncan put his arms around me and I leaned into him. I watched as the passenger door opened and then the driver side. Both men got out and put their caps on. The driver was actually in his combat uniform, which was only his camo. The passenger however, was in his class A uniform.  They looked at me and without hesitation; they walked closer to my house.           “Excuse me, but is this the Henderson household?” the driver asked.          “Yes, it is. Can I help you with something?” I managed to force out.          “Is your mother home?” the passenger asked this time.          “She’ll be here shortly,” I told them; completely forgetting that she was going to be late.          “Miss, my name is Major General Lewis Hatfield. I need you to call your mother home,” the man in the class A’s said.          “Ok,” I whispered, pulling my cell phone from my armband and blankly dialing mom’s number. When she picked up, I told her the name of the man standing in front of me and she told me she would be there quickly. I knew that she would be dragging Lacey and Cassie out from practice because we all knew this was about dad. I really wish he would show some kind of emotion on his face so I could tell if the news was good or bad but he kept a very natural expression plastered. The men each took a seat on two of the wicker chairs while Duncan pulled me to the other end and sat down on the swing with me. I stared at the two men and just wanted to scream at them to give me answers. Twenty uncomfortable minutes later, mom’s gold Ford Taurus pulled up. Cassie and Lacey climbed out with somber looks and then when mom looked up, I could see the tears in her eyes. She greeted the men and invited them in. I knew she was trying to delay the news by offering everyone some lemonade. Everyone accepted and glass and finally mom took a seat. Major General Hatfield looked over at Duncan and I and turned back to mom.           “Mrs. Henderson, this is a family matter,” he told her.          “I’m aware of that but I’d appreciate you allowing my daughter’s friend to stay here, for support.”          “As you wish,” he said. “Mrs. Henderson, we just learned that your husband’s convey got hit three weeks ago and as right now, we are unsure of his platoon’s whereabouts.” Mom’s face turned an angry shade of red and just as quickly, she calmed herself down. I looked at Duncan, wishing he could give me some answers. He looked at me, leaned over, and kissed my hair. It helped a little but I just wanted to know the safety status of my dad.            “Pardon me,” mom started. “But you’re telling me that my husband has been missing for almost a month and you’re just finding this out?”          “Mrs. Henderson, we are doing are best to locate Lieutenant Henderson and his men. You have to understand though, because we are not there, we don’t know the severity of the situation. We lost contact and that’s all we know. We had another crew sent out and they found our missing truck. It was your husband’s. We thought we had located them but it turned out to be another platoon they were working closely with. As soon as we found out, we sat off to find our missing guys.”          “So my husband’s status is what?” mom asked calmly.          “Missing in action,” he answered.          “Thank you General Major. If you don’t mind, when you said that you just learned, how early was that?”          “It was eleven hundred hours ma’am. As soon as we heard, Private Reed and I drove straight here.”          “Thank you. Now, if you will excuse me, I need to start supper for my family.          “Yes ma’am,” he said and the two stood up and left. With that, my family continued with their lives. We kept hoping and praying that our love would bring the missing member of our family back so we could be a complete family again. What we wasn’t excepting was the news that we would receive a mere six months later.()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()Hope you all enjoyed this first chapter. Nothing much to say right now so I'll close....

Hi everyone!! This is my first story on Wattpad so sorry if it's bad. Please don't judge it from the first few chapters because they're boring, it gets better as it goes.
Before you start reading this story please go out and check my new one on a different account. Link in external link over there ------->
Thanks for reading!!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"OH MY GOD! Somebody call the fashion police!" shrieked Ji-Ji.
 "Seriously, they'd like totally give you a lifetime sentence!" cried Mi-Mi. Can't a person enjoy being their dorky self without getting insulted? I walked away silently with my head down to make look like I couldn't say anything because I was shy or something, when I really wanted to show them who I really was.
My name is Amy Sanders a.k.a AJ the supermodel (but of course no one knew that except my family), that's the reason I have to dress and act like a dorky nerd at school. Every day I have to put on a wig that probably came from the dump, freaky glasses that are half moon shaped which make me look like an old lady, fake braces (don't even ask), draw on fake pimples (like anyone would notice that they're fake since no one ever comes near me) and don't let me get started on my wardrobe. Weird knee length skirts, V-necked vests, button up shirts, a tie, long socks and shoes that look so gross I wouldn't be surprised if they're not from my grandma's closet. Yes this is the life I have to put up with in order to keep my secret.
So after the whole "Fashion Police" scene I walked to my locker to get my things. That was when Eric Robinson walked by. He was just about the hottest guy on earth! Every single girl at school had a crush on him including yours truly. He had just broken up with his girlfriend so every girl was trying her best to impress him. I knew I didn't have a chance looking like this so I don't even try but that doesn't mean a girl can't dream. Being a supermodel I've met cute guys before but they like because of what I have not for who I am. When the final bell rang I headed home. As usual I walked into an ally waiting for my limo (the kids at school didn't know that I was rich either). When it arrived I got in and headed to the studio.
"Good afternoon Amy, have a good day?" my manager said greeting me as I got in. All though I hate some of Ellen's over protective procedures it doesn't make her a bad manager.
"Ellen?" I asked.
 "Hmm...?"
“Can I please go to school as well...me?" I already knew the answer but that didn’t mean I was going to stop asking.
“You already know the answer," she said not looking up from her papers.
"But -"
"No buts. Look if you stop asking this question I’ll let you go to the Senior Prom normally, OK?"
 "SERIOUSLY? OH MY GOD! THANK YOU SO MUCH, I LOVE YOU ELLEN!" I was so happy I could barely stay on my seat; I hugged Ellen so hard I thought I cut off her circulation. Ellen was like my mother. Well she’s really my aunt but ever since my mum died 3 years ago and because my dad’s never in the country she’s been taking care of me.
When we got closer to the studio I pulled off the wig, glasses, braces and wiped off the pimples. Believe me these were not my idea they were Ellen's but what can I do? When I went into the studio everyone greeted me (they knew about my situation so no one pays attention my clothes).
I saw my boss Mr. Fantalio, "Hello darling," he said in his fake Italian accent (everyone knew that but he doesn't).
"Hi Mr. F," I replied
"Come on, chop chop go get dressed and make me proud, today you're posing with another model," he told me waving his hand dismissively.
"Who is it?" I asked excitedly hoping for a hot celebrity.
 “You’ll see now go change". I hurried to my dressing room; this week’s edition was party dresses (my favourite). I put on a hot pink strapless dress that was above my knee. It was pretty cute but simple, it only had a ribbon under my breast with black heels. While I was waiting for my hair and make-up stylist I stared at myself in the mirror. I always wondered why I was chosen to be a model. Yeah sure I was slim but not because I followed a strict diet or something I just was. My hair was OK it's black, layered and goes down to the middle of my back. I had fair skin, dark blue eyes, a nose that was pointed upward a bit too much and my lips weren't too small or too big. Ellen always told me to go and fix my nose but I think that natural beauty is better than artificial beauty.
After my hair and makeup was done I walked to the set. That was when I saw Eric Robinson in a tux.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
COMMENT
VOTE
FAN
LIKE
SUGGEST TO FRIENDS
TWEET
LOVE <3
My name is Shontelle Beauty Smith. My friends and family call me Beauty. I'm 17, 5'5", have thick black curly hair, hazel eyes, and most people say I'm thick. I'm half Spanish and half black. I live in Miami with my parents. I work at Chili's as a waitress. But, here's my story.
Beauty's POV
It's alright I'm not dangerous.  When you're mine, I'll be generous. You're irreplaceable, a collectible. Just like fine China. 
I hit the alarm and groaned. It was 5:00 a.m. I slid out the bed and went to the bathroom. I took a 30 min shower, brushed my teeth, and put moisturizer on my hair. I went to my closet and pulled out a hot pink long sleeved shirt, a Jean jacket with no sleeves, a orange belt, and black jeans. I looked at the bottom of the closet and pulled out my Floridian 5s.
"Would you believe me if I said I'm in love. Baby, I want you to want me..."
My phone was ringing, I went to pick it up.
*Phone Conversation... *
Me: Hello?
??: Good morning Bitch!
Me: Good morning Jayla!
Jayla: When you're gonna get to school!? It's 6:30!
Me: I was just heading out. I'm on my way!!
Jayla: Ard. bye.
*End of Conversation *
Jayla was my bestfriend. I call her Jay. I got in the car and made my way to school. When I got there, Jayla ran up to me.
Jayla's POV
I ran up to her and gave her a hug. "Guess what!" "What girl!" Beauty said. "We got some new kids today!" She laughed and said let's go!
We walked in the school and went to our lockers. Suddenly, the door to the school office opened. We both looked. Two boys walked out. They looked exactly the same, except one was light skinned and the other one was dark skinned. Then I looked at Beauty... she might as well go attack him cause she was drooling out the mouth. They must have seen us looking cause they starting walking over.
Beauty's POV
"OMG Jayla, there coming! " I whispered. They had stopped in front of us. "Hey" the first one said. He was light skinned, with curly brown hair, he had a couple tattoos, green eyes, and he had to be 6'1". "Hi" Jayla said in her shy voice. Then the next one came to me and said "Hey, what's your name?"  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
•Who are the two boys?  
*I'll update When I get enough reads
Lorsque le taxi jaunâtre s'arrêta au coin d'une rue lumineuse, Lucie jaugeait du regard le bâtiment dans lequel elle allait prochainement habiter. Haut de trois étages, il faisait penser aux hôtels particuliers de la capitale parisienne. Des balcons où se prélassaient des pots de fleurs décoraient la façade blanche. La porte d'entrée rutilante était encadrée de mosaïque qui incitait à entrer. 
- 13 euros s'il vous plaît.
La main plongée dans son porte feuille, Lucie trifouillait pour trouver la monnaie qu'elle finit par tendre au chauffeur. Balançant ses bagages hors du véhicule, elle les empoigna fermement  et se dirigea vers l'immeuble. L'allée était taillée au millimètre et elle se surprit à se demander qui s'occupait de tout ces détails. Le concierge sans doute. À l'interphone, elle rechercha BIERZAK et le trouva après quelque secondes.
La porte se déverrouilla alors, sans salutation ou quelconque paroles de la part de la machine électronique. À croire que son futur colocataire laissait tout le monde entrer comme dans un moulin. Petit bémol, l'ascenseur était en panne. Lucie entreprit donc de faire plus ample connaissance avec l'escalier. Mais la jeune femme tenta de s'encourager comme elle le pouvait; le studio se situait au premier, il n'y aurait pas trop de marche. Puis tout s'enchaîna très vite. Le palier, la porte  brune, la sonnette usée mais toujours utile, des bruit de pas et une fille qui ouvre. À moitié nue. 
-C'est pour quoi?
La fille débraillée mâchonnait un chew gum mentholé dont l'odeur parvenait jusqu'ici. Lucie fut tenté de se boucher le nez mais se contenta de le froncer. Elle jeta un coup d'œil derrière l'épaule de son interlocutrice dans l'espoir de ne pas s'être trompé d'appartement. 
-Euh.. je devais m'installer ici.. Aujourd'hui. Maintenant en fait. -Ah bon?
Elles se fixèrent dans le blanc des yeux. Lucie  ne lui donnait même pas 17 ans. Une voix masculine brisa leur contact visuel et l'adolescente en sous vêtements s'engouffra de nouveau à l'intérieur. La porte était restée ouverte. Lucie risqua un regard et détailla rapidement l'entrée. Une armoire à chaussure et un porte manteau à côté où pendouillait des gilets griffés de marque. Une moquette verte sapin s'étendait à perte de vue. Des éclats de voix lui parvint de là où elle était et soudain un grand claquement qui ressemblait plus à une baffe qu'autre chose. 
Et effet, l'adolescente s'était rhabillée de traviole et les cheveux en pétard, elle reniflait en enfilant un des gilets pendouillants. Le regard glacial qu'elle décocha à Lucie fit frissonner cette dernière. Mais il fut bref car elle s'enfuit par les escaliers. L'ascenseur étant en panne.
-Salut! 
Elle se tourna vivement pour tomber sur un jeune garçon, une trace rougeâtre ornant sa joue. Il affichait un grand sourire réjouis, le T-Shirt enfilé à la hâte. Ses cheveux blonds lui tombaient sur les yeux, le gênant nullement. Lucie répondit à son salut après quelques hésitations. Était ce le même garçon qu'elle avait eu lors de l'appel, la semaine dernière? Elle se souvint d'un garçon avouant ne pas aimer parler au téléphone, préférant les messages. C'est ainsi que l'adresse lui avait été parvenue. Mais à présent, elle ne savait pas trop par quoi commencer.
-Et si t'entrais? Ce serait un bon début. 
Pas faux. Elle entra donc. Et ce qu'elle vit lui plut aussitôt. Un studio spacieux et cosy. Soit ce garçon avait embauché une décoratrice d'intérieur qui avait coûté bonbon, soit il été doté d'un bon goût exceptionnel. Étrangement, elle penchait plus pour la première option. Elle déposa ses sacs près de l'armoire à chaussures et pesta contre l'anse de son sac qui s'était enroulé à ses cheveux.
-Lucie, c'est ça? demanda t-il rhétoriquement lorsqu'elle se releva. Maël, enchanté. 
-T'es vachement matinale! Je ne t'attendais pas aussi tôt.-Il est 13 heures. -C'est bien ce que je dis! Je parie que t'es du genre à ne jamais être en retard. Je te fais visiter où tu préfères le faire seule? -Je vais le faire seule je pense. -Ouai comme tu veux. Au fait le double de la clé se trouve sur la table de la cuisine. Le camion de déménagement arrive quand?-Demain normalement. -Je t'aiderais si j'ai pas cours à ce moment là. Mais j'ai envie d'omelette maintenant. T'en veux?
Déjà, son côté papillonnant l'avait déstabilisée.
School.
High school.
Senior Year.
Partying.
YOLO.
Whatever.
...
Unless you're a nerd.
Like me.
Yep, I'm that kind of person that you see walking alone all the time... if you even see me at all. I'm that kind of person that ends up doing all the work when I'm paired up with someone because we don't get along at all. I'm that person, who eats alone in lunch.
I'm that person that has now given up on their social life and hopes that college will be much better.
At least, that's what I think every time I find someone leaning against my locker and I'm too 'shy' to ask for him to move.
Like right now.
One of the jocks, Chris Walters, with his muscular built, was talking to some of the wannabe snobs of the school, and all of them when pretty much right there in front of my locker where all my books and personal belongings were. Even worse. I had to leave school already my trumpet lessons were going to start in an hour, and it was a lie that I would get there early if I didn't leave in the next 10-20 minutes
I pushed my black framed glasses up the bridge of my nose, and took a deep breath. I tried to take a step closer, but my body didn't respond to my orders. So much for gathering up any courage I had.
I could tell too, that the wannabes were glaring at me. Eyeliner, mascara, crazy hairstyles that looked like a torture to both make and wear, and revealing as much skin as the school would let them... only if the teachers actually cared about the rules. Honestly, if these girls could apply their motivation for this into their school work, they would be geniuses. I thought it over. Not, they wouldn't be geniuses. They'd be smart enough to actually pass their subjects.
Anyway, seeing how they were looking at me I decided to simply turn around and leave the school. I would borrow a trumpet, even if it wasn't mine, from the IMT. Just so you were wondering, I am a trumpet player since I was... not long ago, maybe since I was 12. But I had always loved the sound of it, and once I started playing it myself I couldn't stop so I ended up going to afterschool sessions to a really good music school: Institution de Musiciens Talentueux. It means in English Institution of Talented Musicians. No idea why it is in French but that's how it is. The school has not yet opened itself to be an actual... academic school... not that I care anymore since this is my senior year, but it is certainly important for me to go to every single class as possible.
I walked down the corridor taking out my iPod and my earphones. I listened to different songs varying from modern to classical. Music always calmed me, and it was also my companion every day. Yep, I was getting comfortable in my own little world when I feel a hand grabbing my shoulder.
I actually jumped in surprise. No one, simply, no one ever touched me for any reason at this school. Not even the teachers.
As I spun around I took my earphones off, my eyes looking down at the floor.
"Hey, um." I heard. It was a girl's voice. Deep, yet female, womanly, confident. Those traits made me look up. "Know where the exit to this place is?"
First thought? Sound of her voice. Second thought? Run.
Yeah, that was my instinct. Run. Stupid? Yep. Why? She was a pretty girl who would catch too much attention if I walked out of the building with her by my side.
Nope, wouldn't want that.
So, like that I walked down quickly out the front yard of the school trying to avoid as many people as possible until I could get to the bus station. Luckily for me, I had no car neither would I have to use a bike so I would catch any attention whatsoever which was fine by me.
I have not always had this attitude towards social life, but ever since it wasn't productive for me I've stopped carrying and preferred not to even come into contact with any human being. Of course, other than my own family... sometimes.
I got out of the school campus in no time, still early.
Sigh... That was close.
"Thanks!"
Huh?
Next to me was the girl I had met inside.
I put my earphones on again, and didn't even meet her eyes. I couldn't dare too. That was a sign to create some kind of friendship, and I didn't want that. Not when this girl didn't even realize I was escaping from her.
Yet for some reason, I couldn't bring myself to walk off. It was just like back in school when I couldn't take a step and tell them to move away...
Just like that but now I couldn't take a step away from her.
I turned my head to the side and looked at the cement. Just when I thought I was gathering my courage to move, this girl turns around just like a freaking crab, crouches a little, turns her back almost horizontally and looks up at my eyes.
"WOAH!" I said jumping back.
The girl smirked at me... playfully?
Yeah, that was it.
I felt my earphones hanging loose from my ears, but for some reason I didn't feel the need to put them back on.
"Zoë." She extended her hand to me still smiling. "You?"
I tried to keep my mouth shut. I tried to keep my hand against my side.
So much trying lately and no success.
Yet I tried.
But couldn't keep myself away.
I glanced up at her and locked eyes. She had grayest eyes I'd ever seen. Just like a strong, yet pale blue that gradually got just faintly stronger in color the farther away you got from the pupil.
My hand grabbed hers, as if it was getting attracted to it.
"Alex."
Her mother is embarrassed of her.
Her father doesn't care about her.
The rest of her family thinks she's a bad influence on the little ones.
Society thinks she's a freak.
She gets bullied at school for what she wears and listening to the wrong kind of music.
Out of all this her best friend still thinks she's perfect, inside and out.
She wants to get away from all the judgmental eyes and she's knows the perfect way.
Suicide.
She'll never commit it and leave him to defend for himself even though he says he'll be fine.
But once she gets pushed over the edge, she goes as far as faking her suicide, with the help of her best friend.
Jess and Ronnie have finally escaped judgmental Ohio and head somewhere new. 
What will they discover with their new found freedom?
Chapter 1 - You Are Insane
serənˈdipitē/ (noun): 
The occurrence and development of events by chance in a happy or beneficial way
“Alright girls, that’s enough for today. I’ll see you Monday after school. Have a nice weekend.” Coach Petersburg says, dismissing us from this treacherous track practice. The girls and I all disperse, heading over to the bleaches where all of our bags are arbitrarily waiting. 
I push open the little gate, walking up to the second bleacher bench where my black Nike track bag is. I pick it up, my whole body aching in protest. I sling it over my shoulder and walk back down, heading towards the parking lot.
The mildly cool March air chills me, making goosebumps form on my arms. I pull my phone from inside of my track bag, and unlock it. I look at the time, and see that it’s now 6:42 p.m. I go to my contacts, and just as I’m about to call one of my friends to come get me, I hear a honk.
I look up and I’m glad to see Walker’s car advancing towards me. It stops right beside me and I pull the door open, jumping in and tossing my bag into the backseat carelessly. Walker Davis is one of my five best friends. All of which are male. I mean, I do have friends that are girls, but I hardly ever talk to them. Girls are awful and horrible and mean. I just hang out with the guys for that reason.
“How was track practice?” Walker wonders, looking over at me as he shifts the gear back into drive and pulls out of the school lot.
“Horrible. Remind me again why I decided to go out for track this year?”
Walker laughs a hearty laugh, “I have no idea Syd.” He and our other four best friends all call me Syd rather than by my full name, which is Sydney.  “Where are you going, home?”
I nod, “Yeah, I’m tired.”
Walker nods, understandingly and drives at an accelerated speed down street, heading towards my house. About ten or fifteen minutes later, we arrive outside of it and Walker puts the car in park.
“Thanks Walk.” I say gratefully, pulling my bag from the backseat.
“No problem Syd, oh are you coming to Jake Rosenthal’s party tomorrow night?”
“Of course I am. I wouldn’t miss Jake Rosenthal’s party for the world.”
Jake Rosenthal is one of the most popular boys at our high school, and everyone knows he has the best parties ever. His dad - who apparently felt bad for running out on Jake’s mom when she was pregnant with him - lets Jake come up to his lake house a few times a year and throw a huge party. I’ve had the privilege of going to four of them, and I personally think that each one is better than the previous.
“Alright, cool.”
“Bye Walker.” I say, getting out of his and closing the door behind me. I walk up to the front door of my house, and pull my key ring from inside my bag. I unlock the door and walk in, earning a honk from Walker as he drives off. I wave at him and then go into my house, closing the door behind me. I lock it and then head upstairs, glad that seemingly no one else is home. I love being home alone. When the others are here, it’s just too hectic for my liking. By ‘the others’ I mean my mom, my older sister and my younger brother.
I trudge up the stairs to my bedroom and when I get there, I fall back onto my bed, happy to finally be home. I’m not sweating anymore as opposed to how much sweat I produced at track practice. Honestly, I don’t know why the hell I decided that I wanted to do track this year. I think it had something to do with the fact that all of the guys kept saying I was too lazy for my own good. Stupid boys.
Year 2002, February 5
*baby cries*
"What are you going to name your son, Mrs. Park?"
"Jisung... Park Jisung."
"Aigoo.. He looks a lot like both of you, especially his your husband."
"He does look like my husband, right hon?"
"Yes.... My son, Jisung, looks so much like his father."
"Congratulations, buddy! A boy you wished for."
"How about you, Mr. Lee? Are you two ready to have a child yet?"
"We'll see about that!"

Year 2003, February 5
*baby cries*
"Congratulations, Mrs. Lee! A girl!"
"Have you guys thought of a name for your daughter yet, Mr. and Mrs. Lee?"
"Yes... Eunbi... Lee Eunbi's her name."
~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*
Sorry for the short intro, everyone!
But thank you for reading. ^__^


The student council decides to throw the yearly Couple Fest for Juniors because of their high grades. But there's a catch: You can't choose your own partner for the ball.    
Sean Gilbert. The arrogant, perverted, extremely hot, bad ass leader of the popular clan who loves to just bang every single girl on campus and throw them away. 
Elise Britts. The simple, sarcastic nerd who loves to read books and stay out of danger (or fun). And always believing in "Its better safe than sorry." 
But that's just the start of the game. When Elise's parents get a divorce, she gets sent away to her aunt's home and is to stay there while her parents decide on whom to take responsibility for her. 
Then all of a sudden a guy steps out of the room directly across from her's wearing only his boxers. The one and only Sean Gilbert lives along with Elise Britts.   
A deal of who falls first is striked between them and who will be the one to resist first?
When Sean finally notices Elise and how secretly hot she is, all he wants to do is bang her. But in time, he finally realizes that there's more than just 'hot bodies' in this world, but you can find genuine happiness not just in physical things but also in an emotional thing called LOVE.    
A lot of things can happen when the player is just next door.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++
Hey guys! Check out my other book: The British Billionaire
Don't forget to Vote & Comment.
I expected my mother to take my father's death badly, but I could never imagine it would be this bad. 
I walk towards her limp strung out body and scrunched up my nose at the smell of vomit and alcohol. I should have been used to it, seeing as she's been like this for a just over eight months now. 
But how do you get used to seeing your mother drunk and passed out in her own pool of vomit. I don't know what was worse either, the vomit or having to clean up urine from wherever she was laying.
"LaLa, I'm hungry." I didn't have to look over my shoulder to know who was standing behind me. Maya, my baby sister, was probably standing with her hand on her belly and sadness in her eyes. It was hard to look at, and it ate me up inside on the nights when I had nothing or extremely little to give. 
"Okay, let me take care of mom first and then we'll go get some food." She sighs and walks towards the kitchen to sit at the table. 
"Selena! Come here, I need you to help me with mom!" 
I quickly look at the time and see that it's almost 3 pm, it was almost time for me to be at work. 
Selena, my other little sister, walks out of our room still wearing pajamas. With her curly mop of brown hair covering half of her face, it was a miracle she could even see. 
"Take her feet please," I ask. 
She trudges over and scrunches up her little nose, she must have been hit by the smell. She pulls her shirt over her nose and grabs my mother's feet. "Okay, lift her on three. One. Two. Three." 
My life now literally revolved around taking care of my sisters and my own mother. I cooked. I cleaned. I worked to pay the bills so that we weren't put out on the street or left without water. 
It was hard considering that I was only 15, and I couldn't work anywhere legally without a permit, and that only allowed me to work part time. I had found a job at a book store in a small suburban neighborhood a few cities over. I was only hired because the owner couldn't afford full time help so she employed me to keep the place clean and organized.
It was enough to pay the bills, but hardly enough to pay for food and babysitting. 
"Now you two be good okay. Mrs. Lincoln is being very nice to take you in while I'm working today." I kiss them both on the cheek before walking up the stone steps of Mrs. Lincoln's house. I was truly grateful for Mrs. Lincoln. I remember coming with my grandmother to visit her back when she was alive. They used to laugh, cook food, and have little parties with their other senior friends. Meanwhile, my sisters and I would play with their other grandchildren and occasionally help them bake and clean up around their house.
I ring the doorbell and wait for a good minute before she finally opens the door. "Hello girls!" 
I smile at Mrs. Lincoln who beamed down at me and my sisters. I think we were the only company she really saw these days, since her kids only came by for the holidays. Her salt and pepper hair had been pulled into a tight bun allowing you to see every wrinkle on her dark face. Yes, she was old and sometimes forgetful, but she was also sweet and full of life. She was always looking to have fun. 
"Hello Mrs. Lincoln," we all answer in unison. 
"Come in, come in." She says, as she sidesteps to let us in. 
"Thank you for agreeing to keep them Mrs. Lincoln." 
"It's no problem my dear. I'm always glad to have the company." She smiles, and offers me a warm, freshly-baked biscuit, which I was too hungry to turn down. 
Teen Fiction
I felt the money pour over me as I landed in a plit.
"Give it up for honneeyyy". I hate that fuckin name.
When I opened my eyes money was so over me. I dusted all the dollar bills off me and stood to my feet quickly. Trap niggas by future faded off. 
Mikey swept my money into a trash bag so the next bitch could perform. 
I walked off the stage and into the locker room.
All them hoes in there mugged me. 
Its  a everyday routine.
I shake my ass, money rains, I get up, get a round of applause, go back to the locker room and usually I have to start fighting. 
I think I deserve respect, I been here long enough.
I'm 18 fresh out of highschool. Just graduated top ten in my class, three weeks ago. I been working here since I was 16. 
Please don't judge me. I been poor all my life. I'm just trynna make it out here.
Cause trust me. I don't know what stories y'all been reading lately. But getting on your own two feet is harder than what is it. I ain't got no family to stay with and I haven't met no mysterious dope dealing nigga from California, who tried to wife me, like other bitches. I ain't fall in love with the high school jock who's got millionaire parents who hate me. 
My luck ran dry the moment I came into this works. 
I don't have nobody. Well there is Rico but........
The feeling of eyes on me, broke me from my thoughts.
"What y'all gone jump me again? I'm not in the mood for the shit tonight." I took all my clothes off to get ready for my next set.
Last night was the worst. I came straight off stage and they tried to jump me.
Eight bitches.
I took em all out. Didn't even let me take my heels off or nothing. I been jumped before. This was nothing new. My knuckles still swollen after punching Iron Jaw ass. 
Her name is Candy but she suck so much dick, its just unreal. 
"Bitch we'll do it again. Don't get cocky. I'll fuck you up by my damn self". I fanned that hoe off and put on my Calvin Klein sports bra and underwear. 
I sprayed the body shimmer all over me and looked over my outfit. I looked down at my aching feet and decided to go barefoot. I been in heels for eight hours. I need a break.
I made sure to never turn my back to them while I got ready. If I know one thing. I know these bitches are sneaky. 
Rico came in and looked at me.
"Elora boss needs you in his office". He's the only one who calls me by my real name. He's the bosses right hand man. He also my lil boo.
I put all my stuff back and made sure I locked both locks. I can't trust these hoes.
He let me out first and closed the locker room door.
"Hold on". He grabbed my hand and spun me around. "Damn".
"You better stop before someone sees". He kissed my lips and laid his hands on my hips.
"I'm sorry I can't help it". He lead me all the way to his office and opened the door for me.
I gave him a smile and went further into the room.
"Have a seat". 
I cringed slightly as I felt the cold leather on my bare thighs.
"Honey my darling. Do you know you didn't pay the rent this month?"
"Ugh. I'm so sorry. I keep forgetting to put the envelope in the lock box". He leaned back in his seat.
"Same excuse as always. I'm getting real irritated with your damn forgetfulness".
"I'm sorry. I'll get it tattooed on my forehead, please don't kick me out". I begged for the fifth month in the row.  
"This is the last time I'm warning you. Next time I'm kicking you out. Got it?" I nodded. "Now get out and go finish getting ready". I stood up walked out the room.
Dammit. I can't get kicked out.
I wish Cardi would've stayed.
She let him buy this place for a few million and shit ain't been the same since. After Sya handed the club down to Cardi B, things was still the same.
She took care of all of us. She bought that apartment complex across the street for all her employees to work. Just in case we needed a place to stay or if we got into some trouble. We lived there rent free until most recently. We only gave Sya and Cardi 12% of what me make on stage. At that point I thought I was on my way to having my own place and a free cars.
When Reeves got the key in his hand. Things got real different. We had to not only give him 35% of what we make on stage. We have to give him $850 a month for rent. 
But I must say. It depends on your situation. You have a kid. One hundred dollars is taken away from the amount you have to pay for rent. Two kids, you get two hundred off, and the list goes on. If you got eight kids and barley have to pay rent. You not only have to work at the club during the day; you have to work the corner too. And I'm not about that life.
He also be beating the fuck out of us. 
Last week I was almost wearing turtle necks on stage cause he was choking me so hard it left huge painful bruises.
All because I didn't pay an additional $100 added onto my rent because I needed my dishwasher fixed. What kind of shit is that?!
I got back into the locker room and did some quick retouches on my makeup before I had to go back on stage.
I stood up and looked at myself one last time before I heard the DJ call my name.
---------------------------
Chapter 1
Allie POV
‘Allie, I have an emergency in my sector. Can you go and serve my table. Number 5.’ I groan but paste a fake smile on my face.
‘Sure Chelsea.’ I say and my co-worker sends me a grateful look as she hurries out with a cloth and cleaning spray. I grab my notepad and pen and start to head over to the table she said. I am not paying attention so it is only when I am a few metres away, and hence too close to turn around and leave, that I realise I am about to serve the Bryant brothers. Oh kill me now. I pluck up any courage inside me as I stop beside their table. Their conversation ceases and 5 sets of eyes turn to me. I shuffle uncomfortably and I can feel the blush trying to spread across my face.                                 
The Bryant brothers, ridiculously good looking, cocky and complete badasses. Get in a fight with them and you will come out the end wishing you were dead. They are scary and can send even the biggest guy running in the other direction. I scan my eyes over the boys in front of me. The oldest is Chance, I think he is about 20 but no one is really sure. His eyes are the most serious and I never see him smile. His icy grey eyes miss nothing. At the opposite end of the brothers is Jason, the youngest. He’s 16 and from what I have heard, is the easiest going out of all the boys. Likes to pull pranks, get drunk, get arrested and then get bailed out of prison by his brothers. His grey eyes so similar to his eldest brother hold laughter. The twins, Hayden and Hunter are identical and have an unnerving habit of doing things at the exact same time. Case in point as they both set their menus down at the same time and then cross their arms simultaneously. They are 17 and so the same age as me. Finally there is Will. In my opinion he is the hottest out of all the boys, think brown hair and eyes that seem to cut right through you. I notice that apart from Chance who looks bored, all of the guys are staring at me. For some reason I decide I wish to die today and I snap at them sarcastically.
‘Take a picture, it will last longer.’ All four of their eyebrows raise and I wince. Great; goodbye school, goodbye sun, goodbye life. They are going to kill me. A guy interrupted their conversation once and was in hospital for a week after one of the twins beat him up, not sure which one.
‘Umm, sorry. What can I get you guys?’ I ask. They quickly place their orders and I notice that Jason the youngest is staring at me particularly intensely. I look around at the rest of the boys and I am faintly surprised to see Will staring straight at me, something shining in his eyes.
‘Great, can I get you guys anyth-?’
‘Allie Colson I swear to god, you had better explain to me why your f – oh.’ My best friend was marching across the diner screaming at me but stopped when she saw who I was talking to. I wince and turn to the boys who all of amused looks on their faces, apart from Chance who is glaring at me. Okay then, what got his panties in a twist?
‘I’m sorry. I’ll just go place your order.’ I say and try and smile at them, I don’t give any of them the chance to reply before I grab my best friend and drag her away.
Will POV
I hear footsteps approaching but ignore them as I continue to tease my youngest brother. I suddenly realise that someone is standing at the end of the table. It seems all my brothers realise it because they fall silent. Fuck me, the most beautiful girl I have ever seen is standing there with a waitress outfit on and her pad and pen clutched in her hand. Her gaze flickers over all of us and seems to linger on me but I may just be imagining it. Meanwhile, neither Jason the twins or I can look away from here. Something about her just draws you in.
‘Take a picture it will last longer.’ She suddenly snaps and I nearly laugh. Wow, someone is sarcastic. I think I even see a flicker of humour on Chance’s face but with him you never know. My brothers all look shocked and I have to admit, I did not expect this beautiful blonde to be so rude. Her eyes widen and I think I see fear in her eyes but she brushes it away and stands up straighter. She gains my respect for not running away like everyone else does.
This story is a work of fiction and is only for entrtainment puroses. Any similarity with real life is only coincidental. All rights to this story are reserved, and any copying and distribution of this work without the permission of the author is illegal. 
Sorry, had to do this. 
When I was younger, My mom and dad seemed so in love, but then one day my mother told me that she was leaving. 

It all went downhill from there. The moment my mom sent the papers. The moment my dad cried for maybe the first time in his life. I remember coming home one day and saw him wiping his eyes as he read the papers. He then slammed them on the table and left out the house. When he came back, it was 2 a.m. and he was drunk. He broke a few things around the house and then passed out on the couch. After that, it was a thing for him.

They argued all the time but I never thought it would come to this. I thought they would try to work it out because they had me. But I could see how unhappy my mother was with the both of us. So she left.

His drinking was a problem for awhile, he didn't get better until he started his AA meetings, recommended by a few fellow officers. That's when he met a woman named Kelly. She helped him come out of the drunken state and to start over. I had never met her before, but I've seen multiple pictures of her. She was a doctor. Tall, brunette with amazingly blue eyes. Dad told me she had a son who was in my grade.

Everyone always asked me, why your dad, why not move in with your mom? Well, if you met my mom, you'd understand why dad was the best choice out of both. Even drunk, my father paid more attention to me than my mother ever did. She neglected me a lot. All the important events, dad showed up but mom had something that was a little more important than me. Even on my birthday, mom had the day off but she chose to go into work anyways. As I grew older, I realized now it wasn't because of me, it was because of my father. Either way, I resented her for it and she knew that. That's why she never insisted that I move in with her, and even if she did, I would've said no.

It's not that I hated her, I was 10 when she left, I didn't even understand why she was leaving. I never understood how she could willingly leave her only daughter because she was unhappy with my dad. She was the first person to ever break my heart. After she left, I became dependent on my father, and in his drunken state, he became dependent on me.  

It was hard being 10 and trying to take care of yourself and your father. I remember one day, when he passed out on the couch, as I was pulling the blanket over him, he whispered how sorry he was and that he doesn't mean to be a burden. He just wanted the pain to end. That night was the first night I cried myself to sleep. 

As he started to get better, I started to get worse. His pain reflected to me and it had finally hit me that my mother was gone. She hadn't attempted to make contact with me and as the days went by, I got worse. My dad tried therapy. It helped a little, but I was still sad. One day,I came home from school and heard him talking on the phone. 2 days later, I got a letter from my mother explaining that she loved me. I took the fact that my father went to the source of his problem to help me, and I used it to get better.

I'm happier now. But every now and then, I'll still feel the pain, or I'll see my father cry. And It breaks my heart.

I'm Charlotte Rose. 

Jeez! I think I was captivated by this series.
By the way I'm not the one who wrote this novel and I'm not the one who translated the series but I'm the one who wants to share his happiness to everyone that's why I shared this novel through wattapad.
Don't get me wrong that I'm plagiarizing this novel I put my acknowledgement to the author and the translator at the first page and on the A/N of this series. I tried to reach out the translator but I guess I'm not lucky at all because I can't reach her out. 
( full linkback credits : the author ; @drytimes or @hedshew , and the translator ; @kudalakorn or kudalakorn.com)  I'm hoping they'll consider my actions.
    Copyright © 2015 by Lia Mc.All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
Prologue
Lyka Jane Cruz - isang nerd sa UN&C, mayaman sila. She is very nice and intelligent. 
Fourth year high school na siya sa pasukan.
Maeenjoy niya kaya ang school year na 'to?
Ang akala nila...
This will be nice.
Ang akala nila...
This will be the best.
Pero lahat ng ayun...
Akala lang.
Maging maganda kaya to para kay Lyka?
***
A/N: Yey, new story mga nerds! Tinatamad kasi akong mag-update dun sa IWTB. di kase kayo nagvovote eh. Char! Pero please naman, nagmamakaawa ako, magvote kayo! Please? Tas magbigay kayong feedback saka kung anong gusto niyong mangyari sa story. Idadagdag ko sa scene, pero may kapalit. Magvovote kayo! Hihihi. Okay nerds! Pakibasa na lang po ito. Yung nasa video, wala lang trip ko lang pero panoorin niyo. THANKS!
READ FIRST:
- This story is UNEDITED. So the readers are expected to understand the spelling and grammatical errors.
- This story is a work of FICTION. All names, characters, locations, and incidents are the products of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locales or events is entirely coincidental.
- The uploading, scanning, or any distribution of this book in any form or by any means - including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise - without the permission of the author is illegal and punishable by law. Your support of the author's right is appreciated.
The Nerdy School Year
written by caperlacchel
Cover made by: EireneSalazar
All Rights Reserved
June 19, 2015
💙
When you grow up on the road with your drunken mom and abusive father you learn to fend for yourself pretty well. But I had another thing coming when I got taken out of there care and was now living with a foster family. A mom and a dad so desperate to have a daughter they got a screwed up teen. Living with all these boys 5 in total was definitely going to be a different experience to say the least.
The sun was streaming down on my now brunette head. The heat was radiating through my entire body and I could feel the crystal droplets of sweat forming on my skin. My long black work pants insulated the heat making me feel like I was going to pass out.
I ignored it though as I had more pressing concerns. I had an ominous feeling deep in my bones that someone was watching me. I couldn't run because I trying to not attract attention. I kept my back straight and walked as fast as I could towards the next building.
I glanced behind me as I turned the corner into a dark alleyway. I was keeping to the walls trying to be an inconspicuous as possible. I pulled my hood over my head even though it was a sunny day. I saw a movement in my peripheral vision and that ominous feeling intensified, someone was following me. I walked fast down the alley, pumping my legs as fast as they could go without actually running.
 I glanced behind me again and saw a black figure turn the corner I had just rounded a few moments ago. Fear pulsed in my veins at the sight, my suspicions being confirmed. I automatically started sprinting. I heard the fast paced noise of feet hitting the concrete behind me, he was running too. 
I couldn't stay in the shadows much longer, I have to go out in the open. The one thing I was trying to avoid. As I reach the end of the alley I pull down my hood and swiftly walk onto the sidewalk, trying to act as normal as possible. I feel anything but normal inside, my heart was crashing in my chest. I look behind me again and am relieved to see that the figure had gone. 
All I can hear are some little kids playing in their garden. The tension leaves my body and I breathe normally again.This has been the third time it felt like someone was following me home from work. Getting away from them is the only reason that I would allow myself to become exposed like this, where anyone can see me.
"Ouch" I yelped as something hit me hard. I winched and my hand automatically rubbed the sore part of my head. I saw a full can of soft drink on the floor with a whole in it spraying drink at me. I turn around towards where the flying object came from and see a few teenagers snickering together on their front porch. Those little bastards. I was soaked soaked to the bone. This is why I don't let myself go out into the open. 
"Get out of here brat" yelled one of the girls amongst them. I held my head down and tried to walk faster, I don't need this today.
"Why don't you go rot in prison like your worthless father" shouts one of the boys. Just keep walking, they can't hurt you. I close my eyes and think about how my life turned upside down in a matter of seconds. 
About six months ago I was going to the beach and just popped back home to grab my bathers after I was out shopping with my best friend Jailene. I was blasting the music in my brand new convertible with my blonde hair blowing in the wind as I pulled up into our mansion. I found the house swarmed with police cars.
My immediate reaction was to think that someone had broken into our house but then I saw my mother crying on the steps of our house. It was then I realised something was terribly wrong. My mother did not cry. That was when the police forcibly brought my struggling father out of the house in handcuffs.
I was shocked to say the least. Something couldn't be right, my father had worked his heart out all of his life to provide for us and he was the most genuine man I knew. My father was mayor of this town and on the side owned a large metal urging company. He bought it when it was nothing more than a sand pit but it had started to do exceedingly well when he started running the company. I ran over to my mother completely flabbergasted at what was occurring. She saw the look of disbelief and outrage on my face and said the one thing that changed my life forever.
"He's been stealing off the city, they are taking everything," She exclaimed defeated, dropping her head into her hands. 
Take everything they did, the house, my convertible, all of our possessions and the only things we had left were the clothes on our backs. My mother and I believed we would be fine because my mother had money saved in her own account which her parents had given to her when they passed. But my father had spent that too. I suppose my father did get what he deserved, a twenty year jail sentence, loss of his family and lost his title of town mayor to his biggest rival Tony Leach. So my mother and I were left with nothing except four hundred dollars that my mother had in her purse.
Vote. Comment. Be A Fan. 
IHateYou, ILoveYou 
-PerfectlyStubborn
Nagmadali akong lumabas ng bahay para pumunta sa playground. Nandoon kasi yung mga friends ko. At ang babait nila! Sila yung mga kalaro ko dito sa playground. Ayoko nang nakikipaglaro sa kuya ko lalo na sa mga pinsan ko dahil inaasar lang nila ako. Lalo na si kuya, hindi ko makalaro ng maayos. Mas gusto ko parin yung kaedad ko at parehas kami ng interes.

Naaninag ko silang tatlo sa playground. Lumapad agad ang ngiti ko. May dala dala akong basket na may laman na mga sandwich kasi nakaugalian narin naming magpicnic dito. May kaonting garden dito at tamang tama lang para pagtaguan. Dito ako minsan tumatago sa tuwing naghahabulan kami eh.

"Ayokong makipaglaro kay Ylisanna. Kung hindi lang talaga sila mayaman hindi ko siya pagtitiisan eh. Naiinis ako sa kanya lalo na sa kakulitan niya." Natigilan ako sa paghakbang nang marinig ko ang sinabi ni Ally, isa sa mga kaibigan ko dito. Napaupo ako para magtago. Pinag-uusapan nila ako.

"Oo nga. Kung hindi lang talaga siya Delafuente hindi ko siya kakaibiganin. Ang laki kaya ng bahay nila. Tapos yung mga pinsan niyang lalake ang gwapo rin lalo na yung kapatid niya. Ang ingay pa naman ni Ylisanna kalaro. Naririndi ako sa boses niya." Nakagat ko ang pang-ibaba kong labi. Hindi ko inaasahan na ganun pala ang tingin nila sakin. Akala ko mga kaibigan ko sila. Ang saya naman namin tuwing naglalaro kami. Kailanman hindi ko sila narinig na ayaw nila sakin. Ang sinasabi pa nga nila ay mahal nila ako. Ibig sabihin kabaliktaran 'yon? They don't love me, they hate me.

"Ang rami niya ngang toys na binibigay sakin. Dapat nga ibigay niya sa atin lahat dahil mayaman naman sila. Tapos yung binibigay niya mga napaglumaan na. Napakadamot. Mamaya pupunta na naman yun dito. Excited ako sa mga dala niyang pagkain pampicnic natin hindi sa kanya." Nagtawanan silang tatlo habang ako ay naiyak na. Patago akong umalis sa playground at bumalik ng bahay na humahagulhol. Mabuti nalang at wala dito si Kuya, nandoon kina Ate Jade kaya walang makakapansin sa pag-iyak ko. Buong araw akong nagkulong sa kwarto ko at hindi lumabas. Kasabay ng gabing 'yon ay ang hindi inaasahang balita. My Mom died. Ang sakit nun para sakin. Yung puso kong nadurog na ay mas dinurog. Wala akong tigil sa kakaiyak. Pakiramdam ko iniwan ako lahat ng mga mahal ko sa buhay. Minahal ko naman sila pero ba't nila ako iniwan? I was filled with hatred. I can't fight the agony inside me. Simula sa araw na 'yon ay hindi na ako nakikipagkaibigan. Hindi ako kumakausap sa school. I just hate them all. Parehas lang silang lahat. They wanna befriend me because we're rich, because I am a Delafuente. Ang gusto ko lang naman ay mahalin nila ako bilang ako, hindi yung mahalin nila ako dahil kung ano ang meron ako.
Cassie Nelson lives a hectic life, working at a diner and caring for her younger brother as her dad does his best to pay the house bills. Getting into a college to fulfill her journalism dreams has always been a goal, a necessity for Cassie. So when the opportunity for a scholarship comes her way, she's quick to grab it.
Kyle Blackburn is the it-boy of Hollywood. Starring in movies with big named stars is something that comes easy to him. When he lets the fame get to his head, management decides he needs to lie low for a bit and reevaluate what has been given to him.
With completely different personalities, Cassie and Kyle clash. The two are constantly bickering and disagreeing on every aspect of Kyle's new life. Cassidy doesn't see how she can keep this reckless boys secret under wraps.
A new look. A new name. A new life. A new identity. All they have to do is keep him hidden.
"Perhaps it's impossible to wear an identity without becoming what you pretend to be."
- Orson Scott Card
•All rights reserved•
woooo okay so this is my first story on wattpad! i've never really written before im not sure if im good or not :/  please give it a chance though and read it. but if you seriously hate it or just think its rubbish then you know don't read it but i would aprrecitate it if you read it. :P it would make me happy.
anyway enjoy my story and i update regularly.
chapter 1: Moving 
“I’ve lived here all my life and now you want to move?” I screamed at my mum.
“please calm down Ember, me and your father got promotions” my mum said to me calmly.
How dare she be so calm in this situation, I’ve lived in England all my life I love it here.
“what about me?. What about how I feel . WAIT! I forgot you don’t care about me!” I screamed at my mum.
My parents are always on business trips at first I grew up with nannies and when I turned 16 my mum would leave me home alone for weeks just with her stupid credit card.
”Ember please darling, me and your farther care about you very much don’t say such rubbish”.
“RUBBISH!.... RUBBISH! You think I’m saying rubbish” I screamed at my mum for the second time.
She never takes me seriously... ya know what her problem is, she wanted a real girly girl unfortunately for her she got me the girl who would rather wear ripped high waste jeans and a leather jacket then a pair of pink high heels and a sun dress.
”Ember, stop shouting at me I’m your mother please respect me”she said again in her annoying calm voice.
“RESPECT! You don’t know the meaning of respect at all”
All my mother did was sigh and rub her hands down her face
” Ember just go pack we're leaving in 2 days, that gives you time to pack all your clothes and say good bye to your friends. The workers will do the rest”.
At first I was going to scream back at her but I just don’t want to argue with her any more, so I turned round an grabbed my keys to my white Lamborghini and walked to my front door and slammed it shut. I got in my car turned the ignition on and sped out of my drive way towards my best friends house.
***
I arrived at Lucy's house and got out of my car and ran up to her door and hit the door as hard as possible. I'm so angry right now UGHH! My parents just don’t understand me. The door swung open and there stood my best friend Lucy looking really angry... well trying to look angry.
Lucy has a baby face so its pretty hard for her to look angry... but when she is angry you don’t want to be there. I love her to bits we were child hood best friends, she’s always been there for me and not to mention she is stunning! With her long brown hair and deep blue eyes she is as skinny as a twig but the only thing I dislike about her is she is so serious so when I say something she doesn’t like.. which is like all the time she gets really serious on my ass and starts ranting at me about how rude I am.
”what’s with killing my door bitch?” Lucy joked and I smiled.
we always call each other names so I don’t get offended by her calling me that.
“I have something really serious to tell you...skank”. Even in this situation I cant make anything serious.
” Ember are you serious. I’m not sure if you are”she said giving me questioning eyes
“seriously Lucy, I’m being serious... I don’t want you to get upset okay?” another thing about Lucy she is really emotional but I love that about her it shows you that she’s actually human.
”Ember?. What are you going on about?”. This is going to be so hard to tell her I love her to much and I really don’t want to leave her but I have to.
”okay Lucy....mymumanddadgotapremotionandnowimmovingtoamerica” right now my heart is pumping so fast I’m so scared to see her reaction.
”WHAT! You cant move I love you so much bitch. You cant leave me we never got to get Niall Horans number!” she screamed at me.
To be honest I’m shocked she actually heard me I spoke really quickly.
”I'm so sorry” I sighed. “but I have to go and we will get Niall’s number when I visit”.
The tears started to fall from her eyes and I just walked over to her and embraced her in a giant hug which made her cry even more.
” I wont forget you Lucy” I said to reassure her and she just nodded into my shoulder and the tears still kept falling from her eyes I could feel my shirt getting damp with her tears.
”we will Skype and everything and I will pay for you to come over and meet hot American guys”.
She started giggling whilst crying so she kind of sounded weird but she looked up with a massive smile on her face which made me smile, I hate seeing her upset.
“OMG! I love American guys!” she screamed at me whilst jumping.
But then she stopped and went all serious again and looked me dead in the eye.
” when are you leaving”
I scratched my head and looked at the ground and mumbled
“ two days”
I slowly looked up and saw her face go from a questioning look to an upset look
“right okay... well you need to go pack call me before you're leaving and I will come say my good byes” she said whilst trying to hold back her tears.
I cant stand seeing her like this and once again this is my parents fault that she is crying.
”Lucy help me pack and then we will go shopping after we packed all my clothes and then we will have our last sleep over until you visit me in America … yeah” she looked at me and nodded and we walked towards my car.
Edited kinda.. 24/10/14
We were like any other normal brother and sister for a while. We would hang out, mess with each other and we loved each other a little to much.. At lest that's what my mom said. My dad died in a car crash when we were five and for that reason I don't really remember him. Sometimes I dream of him but it's really just faint memories. When my dad died my brother was torn he was seven at the time. He knew a lot more about it then I did he understood a lot more then I did at the time. I used to sit on my brothers lap and hug him while he was crying and make sure he wouldn't start throwing things at the wall or braking things on the ground. He wouldn't do any of those things when I was there, in fear of hurting me in the process. I would comfort him all day if that's what it took and that's how it all began.....
Okeh, this is my new story. I'm going to countinue writing my other one's too, but this one's been stuck in my head for a while now. Please tell me if you want me to countinue it. Thanks loves,
Vote, Fan, Comment, Smile<333
________________________________________________________________
 Prologue :  
    Speaking, Voices, no one realizes how special they are until you don't  have them. I should know. I mean no one believes that speaking is a  gift, being able to tell your crush you like them, to be able to  stutter, for god's sakes! Without a voice most people believe your  opinion less, a freak. Well, that's what I am you see. A freak. I Cora  Markings am a freak. A mute.
  When you think of horrible things that can happen to people you never  think Mute. You think Cancer, Amputation, Car crash, never mute. But,  I'm hoping to change your mind about that. Mute is worst of all.
  Boy meets girl, they fall in love and have babies. I've never heard of a Mute girl meets boy, have you? No one can fall in  love with a mute. You never know what they sound like, never know  their accent, their laugh. You just see notes that they write or using sign language.
  I never thought that this could happen. But after the accident that  claimed my father's life, I was ruined. A piece of glass angled just  right across my throat stole my voice. Sure, the doctors sewed it right  back up but, they shook their heads sadly at the thought of me being  able to speak again so I never try.
  Being a 12 year-old who could no longer speak and was fatherless  is devastating. Besides, my friends didn't think it was 'cool'. Apparently it was weird. After 5 years though, you cope. Do I miss talking? Well,  that's like asking a wheel-chair bound person if they miss walking. The  worst part is that I'm forgetting what I sound like. The only thing I  can say is .. Life Sucks, we just deal with it.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Like it? <3
Tell me(:
This story begins along time ago, when humans and werewolfs lived together and super content Pangea was one. When the werewolfs helped the humans gets food, water, and shelter. 
All that changed when a female wolf fell in love with a human male. They started to see each other more and more. It was forbidden to love a human. The female wolf decided to meet up with her human male lover, and run away. They made it across Pangea and settled in deep woods of the soon to be content of North America. The lived together in peace until one night, the winds picked up, the earth began to shake, the waters around the the house became restless. The first white wolf was born. When humans and other wolfs found out about the white wolf and her powers, they seeked her out hopping to breed and make more white wolfs. But one wolf leader wanted to kill her in hoping to take her power for him self. The mother of this beautiful white wolf caste a spell, every 100 years a female white wolf will be born and have the powers of the first white wolf. 
Our story begins of the birth of Matthew Drew. His parents Max and Sarah Drew, belonged to the biggest pack in the states. Sarah was a doctor and Max was a lawyer.
At the age of 2 every wolf child was to shift into there wolf form. At Matt's 2nd birthday he shifted into his wolf, as Matt looked at everyone's faces he noticed a lot of faces had the look of fear and shock, as Matt looked at his tail he realized he was a white wolf. When Matt howled the earth shocked, the wind picked up, the lake behind Matt became restless and everyone screamed. Matt stopped and saw everyone running. He felt bad even though he was doing what everyone else had done that he saw before him. He shifted back into his human form and ran to his mom, scared and not knowing what to do. After that he wasn't allowed to leave his house for a few months without a camp guard near him at all times. At age four, all wolf children were to attend a pre-school. To teach them about the human world and how they should act around humans. Matt never went, he had a tutor to teach him about how he was to act and about his white wolf. At age 5 your wolf started to interact with you, talk to you, tell you if something is wrong. When this happens you tell your parents and they help you to control your wolf. Matt's wolf started interacted with him when was 2, when he first shifted. 
As the years passed, and Matt's wolf became more and more active, his power grew. When he cried, it rained, when was angry, it was a thunderstorm, when we was happy it was a nice breeze. But, he couldn't control the weather, he might act like he could but he couldn't. 
And now, our story begins.
======================================================
So, what do you think???? I hope you like it. I'm sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes. I hope ya'll like it so far. I'll post chapter 1 soon I promise ^_^
-¡Cómo pudiste!-Grita Liam hecho una furia-¿Te das cuenta de todo lo que estas ocasionando? ¡Por favor reacciona Lía!
-Fratello entiéndeme-Comienzo a sollozar por la mirada de mi hermano.
¿En qué punto todo se ha complicado? ¿En qué punto de mi vida supe que lo amaba con tal fuerza que no lo podía dejar ir? Tenía más claro que nadie que esto podía ser un error, pero decidí ignorarlo y por primera vez seguir lo que yo sentí correcto.
-¡A ella no le gritas!-Reta Kian con la mirada- Solo escucha lo que te vamos a decir.
-¿Escuchar? ¿De verdad? Esto no tiene perdón.
Tan solo de ver a mi hermano de esta manera me parte el corazón pero ahora estoy en entre la espada y la pared porque saber que he decepcionado a mi hermano es el peor de los dolores.
-Ustedes dos, ¿No pudieron decirme algo de todo esto?- Mantengo mi rostro agachado sin intenciones verlo de nuevo. Siento como Kian toma mi mano tratando de darme apoyo pero yo la alejo inmediatamente.
No quiero perder al chico que amo y tampoco quiero perder a mi hermano pero si me dan a elegir con todo el dolor de mi alma uno de los dos tendrá que salir de mi vida y no le gustará para nada mi decisión.
-Puedo contarte como sucedió. Solo siéntate-Kian comienza a hablar.
-¿Lía?-Por primera vez el tacto de mi Fratello me da miedo, toma mi barbilla haciendo que lo mire a los ojos- ¿Quieres que escuche lo que tienen que decir?
-Yo lo amo...-Un susurro apenas audible hace que mi hermano se estremezca.
-Más vale que sea algo lo suficiente bueno como para quedarme esta noche aquí-Se sienta frente a nosotros prestándonos la máxima atención posible.
Ahora el dilema es... ¿Por donde empezar? 
I literally just realized I have no introduction for this simple little story I am obsessing over oh so much. Without further ado, here is a rundown of what to expect if you decide to read on. 
- This story, if you haven't read the blurb, (which is also why I am posting this) contains gay characters. I know we are in 2016 and not 1583, but I just want everyone to be aware of that to avoid any harsh comments or what have you. 
- Secondly, alcohol and drugs will lightly be referenced. 
I really hope you enjoy this story as much as I enjoy writing it! It's not really edited yet, but I plan to do that once the story is completed.
Copyright © 2016 by augtwyAll rights reserved.
READ ILLUSION. - NewBook.
This is a classic cliché, so if you think you won't like it, first give it a try, and if you still think you don't, don't pass the hate comments on the common comments okay?Learn to be nice and PM.
This story from here and out belongs completely to the author. The characters, and the incidents between them are purely fictional, and don't necessarily occur in real life.Don't cheat the author and copy her story, you are warned. She might come and murder you with her favourite pair of scissors. Clear?
©AnonymousRebell 2016
 Ebony
"You dick head!"
I turned at the sound of people swearing and yelling and almost dropped my book-filled rucksack at the sight that greeted me.
A large crowd had formed around two boys who were beating each other to a pulp. I groaned inwardly, shielding my eyes as I tried to look away. After a nice hour or so at the library, seeing people hurting each other was not what I wanted to see the moment I exited the building. I hated anything that involved people getting hurt - physically, or emotionally.
I was too empathetic, and seeing other people in pain made me so upset. I wanted none of this, and just as I was planning which way would be the better way to just run past, I got a glimpse of the fight.
Through a break in the crowd I saw the two boys, bloodied, bruised, and attacking each other with ferocious intent. I knew that if someone didn't break it up soon, someone would get seriously hurt or the cops would be called. Neither seemed like a great outcome, and I was still considering whether or not I could just run past without remorse.
I winced as I heard the crack of bone breaking under the force of a well-timed punch. The dark-haired boy on the bottom clutched his face, letting out a guttural cry. The top boy was straddling him, rearing his fist back for another hit.
"Stop!" I pleaded, breaking through the wall of cheering spectators. "Please, just stop!"
The top boy's head snapped up, his grey eyes meeting mine with a look of fiery death. I shrank back into myself, but his eyes stayed on me for a second more before shooting back to his opponent.
The boy with the broken nose tried to use that moment of weakness to break free but the top boy wasn't budging. 
He struggled, trying to get out.
"Not this time, you little shit!" The boy on top spat as he landed a final punch on the already wounded boy beneath him. 
By the time I reached the pair, the top boy was already pulling himself off, brushing the dirt off of his faded Levi's. 
"Fuck you, Steel!" The broken nosed boy half-cried through the blood. He leaped up and started to back away, but not before getting the last word in. "Mess with me again and you'll be the one with the broken nose next time!"
The crowd had already diffused, leaving me and the apparently called 'Steel' to be the only two people left in the parking lot.
"What was that?" I asked, my voice shaking. "Are you alright?"
Here I was, asking a probable bully if he was alright. Honestly, I didn't understand myself sometimes.
"Don't you worry you're pretty little head, Princess" he said rudely as he bent down to pick up something up off the ground. "We big boys know how to handle ourselves. So, I'm asking this with the utmost kindness, just fuck off."
The something he'd picked up was a signet ring with a 'V' emblazoned on it. He slipped the thick ring over his swollen middle finger and turned away from me. 
He was already halfway gone before my mind started working again and I had to practically run to catch up to the bloody Usain Bolt of the speed-walking world.
"Excuse me?" I said fiercely as I reached around and grabbed him by the shoulder, none too gently either. There went my no-violence policy.
"Don't you fuckers ever leave me alone?" He sneered before spinning around. He had a stupid English accent that would've been nice if he wasn't such an idiot. He quickly looked me up and down before speaking again. "Why are you still here? No, you can't have an autograph, just piss off."
Warning : Do not read this book if you haven't read the first one (Strong Thug Love). But if you have just sit back and read .⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕
3 Months LaterKatrina's P.o .v 
"Baeeeee " I yelled from upstairs
Few minutes later he came .
"Yea ?" he said
"I'm hungry " I whined
"What you want ?" he asked
"Ice cream and peanut butter with Oreo's and a strawberry on top" I replied smiling
He looked at me disgusted.
"What Don't look at me like that !" I said
He just shook his head and went back downstairs. 
So you guys know I'm pregnant in a few days I'm gonna be 4 months. Yesss ! . I'm sooo happy ! . Me and Alex are still together (duhh!). And of course I still fuck with my crew. Ain't nothing gonna change. I got a job at footlockers with the girls. Alex don't know doe. He was like ion want you working while carrying my seed. Like how am I gonna get hurt by working at footlocker ?. Tripping over the boxes ?. But anywayss it's whatever. I moved outta my mom's house and in with Alex. But I still go visit her alot.
He came back with my ice cream.
"Thank you " I said kissing him
He sat down next to me and started rubbing my stomach.
"We should think of names " he said
"Uhhh OK I was thinking if it's a girl than her name should be Trinity " I said eating a Oreo
"And i think if it's a boy his name should be Makai . (Muh•Ky)
"Omgee that name is so pretty babe" i said 
"I know " he said grinning
I rolled my eyes. 
He then took one of my oreos.
"Noooo !!" I yelled hitting his shoulder
He laughed and said " I love Youu !"
I just looked at him and got up.
"Ayee bae where you going ?" He asked
"Somewhere I can be with my food" I replied walking downstairs
I heard his footsteps behind. And then he grabbed me by my waist.
"Trinaaaa!" he said kissing my neck
"What ?" I replied sitting on the couch
"I'm sorry" he said 
"Ok I forgive you " i said finishing my ice cream and got up to throw it away.
"Then gimme a kiss " he said standing over me
I stood on my tippy toes and kissed him.
He deepened the kiss.
We stood in the kitchen for like 5 minutes . then I pulled away.
"Imma go take a shower" i said walking away
"Ard " he said slapping my ass
I turned around and gave him a stank face .
"Uh uh fix yo face boo " he said in a girl voice..
I couldn't help but laugh.
⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕⭕
How you guys liked the beginning boring I know but it'll get better just wait on it .
Comment, Vote, Follow
Love Meme ❤.
You might say I was weird if you knew everything about me. 
	Well, it would probably be better for you if you kept that opinion in mind when I lay out the whole story.
	Maybe you should just keep an open mind. 
	But before I say my side of the story, I need to make sure you know something. My name is Liv Chase, and I can read minds.
	Now, don't run away screaming just yet. I promise I'm not from the looney bin. 
	You need to know that I never wanted to be a mind reader. I'd rather have a regular teenage life with regular teenage problems, like, does the hot guy in algebra II like me, or when will the hottest boyband releases their next single.
	I can remember so many times in my youth where I wished to give up my gift at a chance to find my real parents.
	Being what I am is dangerous. In fact, I'm pretty sure half the people I meet are out to kill me. I wasn't even supposed to make it past my sixteenth birthday.
	If you're absolutely normal, like 95% sure you are, then you are probably reading this because you think what I'm about to say isn't real, that it's all fiction for your enjoyment. Great. Read on. Enjoy whatever silly life you're living because I envy you with all my heart that you can believe that none of this is true, because it most definitely is.
	But if you're reading this book because you think you see a little of yourself in me, stop. Close this book and never open it again. Throw it in the flames of hell if you have to, just don't read on. Please just believe whatever lie your mom and dad told you about who you are. Don't go digging. Just be happy yours stayed around.
	I'm telling you all of this because, if you are like me, if you are different, they will know. Just the fact that you've picked up this book is suspicion enough for most to come after you. Once you start to believe, you won't be safe. 
	Don't say that I never warned you of the consequences.
	So, if you are like me and decided to keep reading, I give you a warning. 
	If you are as powerful as me, they will right their mistakes and eliminate you before you can eliminate them.
	Good luck.



Layla's pov:
"Michael I just pulled up to the campus."
"I'm outside. Just drive to the address I sent you."
I drove down the street, leading to a very nice apartment complex on UNC's Campus. Michael, my twin, was standing outside waving viciously.
I pulled into the driveway and got out of my car. I jumped into Michael's arms as we embraced in a warm hug.
Michael: I've missed you Layla. 
Layla: I've missed you too. It's been too long. 
Michael: I'm so glad you're going to live here with me. It'll be so much fun.
Layla: Yes! We need to have a pie fight like old times.
Michael: Pies are in the fridge when you're ready. 
We laughed and walked inside. There was a guy sitting in the kitchen eating pizza.
Layla: Who's that?
Michael: That's my best friend Landon. 
Layla: Oh. He's here to visit?
Michael: Um no. He may live here. 
I looked at him with huge, shocked eyes.
Layla: You have another roommate?
Michael: Yes.
Layla: And you didn't care to tell me?
Michael: I didn't think you'd have a problem with it. 
Landon: I'm not deaf. I can hear you two. 
Michael: Landon this is my twin, Layla. 
Landon looked at me and smirked.
Michael: Wipe that smirk off your face. She's my sister. 
Landon: How long are you staying?
Layla: Wow Michael. Way to tell him.
Landon: Tell me what?
Michael: She's moving in. 
He choked on his pizza and Michael showed me to my room. I began unpacking.
Michael's pov:
I walked downstairs and into the kitchen. 
Landon: You never mentioned your hot sister moving in.
Michael: I told you my twin was moving in. And get your eyes off my sister.
Landon: You didn't mention that the twin is a she. I thought your twin would be a dude Mike. 
Michael: You were wrong. But now that she's here I'm going to give you the rules.
He rolled his eyes and threw his plate away.
Michael: 1. No hitting on Layla. 2. No flirting with Layla. 3. No messing with Layla. 4. No talking to Layla.
Landon: Damn if she's gonna live here I'm gonna have to talk to her eventually. Don't get your panties in a bunch. I'll be nice to your sister. Macy is on her way over anyway.
Michael: Who the hell is that?
Landon: Latest catch. 
Michael: Oh yeah the last rule. 5. No sex with Layla. At All.
Landon: Yeah yeah. 
The doorbell rang.
Landon: Macy's here. 
Hey guys this is my first story HOPE YOU LOVE IT 
I'm all ways update every day 😘😘😘
HOPE YOU LOVE IT GUYS
Copyright
© 2012 by WeAreAHurricane 
All rights reserved. No part of this document may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electonic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of WeAreAHurricane.
Saw someone's work being copied just today. It was some scary shinanigans. So, please, notice the copyright statement above.
...And if any of you jerks even think of plagiarizing, please refer to the picture on the right side.
Alright, now on to the good stuff. Hope you guys enjoy :) 
See, I have a problem. I guess you can consider it an attitude problem towards the more attractive.
I realize that the above statement makes absolutely no sense, but let me explain. Ever pictured that number one guy from your school? The one that every guy wants to be and every girl wants to date. Yup, that one. I thought he was cute too. Do you think I secretly pined for him to notice me and sweep me off of my feet once he did notice?
The answer is hell no.
Why? Because I was well aware of the fact that I could trip over his I.Q. if I ever tried to walk over it. That’s why.
The problem is that I can’t stand attractive people. Call it a pride thing, the facts are there. This ridiculous mechanism turns on every time I have to talk to someone who’s better looking than me. I could get all psychological about it but I’ll keep it plain and simple: I don’t like feeling inferior.  Which is the specific feeling that a good looking person makes you feel. They feel entitled to it, trust me. Whenever I’m around someone attractive, you can most certainly refer to me as ‘The Bitch’, because I won’t take one minute of someone feeling better than me just because their genes are pretty.
Shocking that I’ve never had a boyfriend right? Hardy har her.
 I’m not ugly and I know that. Doesn’t mean I’m incredibly beautiful. Most of the time it doesn’t even bother me. I know what to focus on. School was pretty much my number one attention grabber until I graduated.
 To be clear, I was never the geeky retainer girl. Sure, I hadn’t been the most popular girl in high school. No Prom queen here. It wasn’t like I even had the chance to compete for the title, seeing as a skipped 3 grades. Yup, that’s right. 3 whole grades. By the time I turned twenty I already had a steaming hot diploma under my arm.
The same diploma that I was presenting in front of 10 people at the moment.
Did I mention I was presenting this to ten beautiful people and it made me insanely nervous?
Figures that Jenna Lanning, the CEO of Landon Modeling Agency, would be a strikingly beautiful blonde with mile long tanned legs and an attitude. The problem was that this chick had the brains to back it up. Needless to say I was feeling pretty snappy but defeated, as I stood heavily on my stilettos. I didn’t even own a pair of heels until this morning when I rushed into the store, put my feet in the first pair I saw, and ran out to this job interview. The damn things cost me seventy dollars, meaning I better get this job.
 Heck, the irony of me working at a modeling agency would have been enough to stop me from applying towards the position.   I spent most of my teenage years on ranting against models and their retarded expectations. Too bad my circumstances didn’t give me the freedom to have any dignity.
“I was peering over your resume and I can’t help but remark on how impressive it is, Lilly. Can I call you Lilly?” Lanning snidely asked over the stack of papers in her hand like the fact that I was standing in front of her was a joke.
Sure! Can I call you the Silicone Bitch?
I awkwardly cleared my throat before replying, “Sure…”
“But see…we have already filled the position, “
I was kind of glad I wasn’t the only person in the room with a questioning look on her face. Then why the hell was I here?                
In a way I was really relieved that I wouldn’t be embarrassing myself by being a secretary at some high end modeling agency.  Then again, I had been eating raw Ramen Noodles for the past three months, my rent was beyond due, and I was in desperate need of a car.
My parents had practically begged me to move back in with them after graduating. But even an I.Q of 157 didn’t stop me from being an idiot. All because I couldn’t keep my mouth shut and my pride at bay, I denied the help. Stupid need for independence and self respect.
Lanning narrowed her eyes before speaking, “Although, I might just have a slightly different position open for you. “
Ok, this lady was starting to scare me. She had some crazy look in her eyes that was making even her colleagues nervous. I could tell, which in turn made me nervous.
“Like?” My voice squeaked with anticipation.
Hi! This is my new story that I am really excited about. I can't wait to fill it with awkward moments and sexual innuendos to the brim! So, Please comment and vote!
Also, I guess I've entered the Watty Awards? O.o I need all of the support I can get! So please, please, please tell others about this book!
I'm Lucy Grant. I have black hair, dark brown eyes. I'm about 5'2. I haven't had the perfect life. I haven't had a happy moment since my mom died. My life fell apart when I heard that she died in an accident. Not only did I loose my mom. I lost my father. He use to be a great man. He helped homeless people, he didn't give up the offer to make someone happy. Now he just sits on the couch and gets drunk. He hits me. Piper my best friend is always telling me to tell someone, but I don't. People always think I'm happy. Funny. Outgoing. Well my friend does, but its fake. Evey last bit of it is fake. 
Just fake.
<A/N>Hey! I made a new book. I've had this idea in my head for a while now, but I kept forgetting it and only remembering it until I was to tired. So I hope you like it. I know I've been writing a lot of stories. So bare with me through my craziness. Thanks! Love ya!
Check out my other stories-
Complete•Detention•Free
Working•Detention A&T•The New Girl•The Infection•Fell in Love With My Foster Brother
P.S. I've deleted Short Time For Money. I didn't really like it. 
Hope you enjoy!
book_movie_love85_
Lola^^Lola's Pov:"Baby your a firework!" My alarm rings, I smash it and it turns off I get up and jump in the shower....Once I'm done I get out and walk into my walk in closet and look for an outfit, I grab my black skinny jeans with my blue singlet top and black leather jacket with my cream colour neck scarf.
Her outfit^^Once I put it on I put my hair to the side and apply some make up which is mascara, red lipstick eyeliner with a flick with black eye shadow, once I'm done I grab my black leather studded side bag and put it over my shoulder and walk downstairs to see all 8 of my brothers dressed and eating cereal let me introduce so we have,Raffaele: (Raff)Age: 25Job: best lawyer in the world Height: 6'2 (187.96 cm) Character: Taylor launter
Uma fã me mandou a seguinte pergunta:
Se Sua Garota de 16 virasse série ou filme, quem seria o elenco? 
Depois de muita pesquisa, acho que cheguei à essa resposta que pode ser mudada a qualquer momento quem sabe! 
                                                                      Arthur  - Ansel Elgort 

                                                                        Aquiles  - Jacob Trambley
                                                                       July - Penélope Cruz
"Its been a long dayWithout you my friendAnd I'll tell you all about itWhen I see you again"
Carli and Kyle were best friends for years until Kyle got his first girlfriend, and ditched Carli. Carli was left heartbroken after that knowing her best friend and the first guy she loved was gone.
Now two years later Carli still hasn't forgave him.
Carli is now the team captain of her soccer team. 
Kyle is now the team captain of his soccer team.
Will Carli forgive Kyle? Will they become more than friends? Will Kyle even care?
Copyright May 30, 2015
~Quick Authors Note~
This is going to be a fairly short book with about 10-20 chapters. Not 50-60 chapters. If I got a lot of views and likes I will write a sequel. And I will try and update once a day to once a week
Thanks, Bella
"I hate physical education, the only part that's good about it is the boys." Angela said. 
"I don't care about the boys so much, I like working out." I said.
"That's why you have a great body Davery, and I don't." Angela said.
We got to the gym and headed to the changing room. I'm a Sophmore in high school. Me and my cousin Angela is in the popular crew. I don't really consider myself popular but whatever. I kinda hate going in the changing rooms and girls looking at us. It's not like I'm a god or something. I'm just a average teenage girl. 
"Ugh, can we please skip?" Angela whined. I laughed and opened the door.
All the girls were changing into gym clothes. I picked a spot in the back of the changing room to change. Angela followed and changed right beside me. I was changing when I heard a chuckle behind me. Me and Angela turned around to find Amber. Amber was wearing shorts all the way up her ass and a shirt with major clevage. I would of thought she was a hooker on the street with her clothes and all her make up. She had beautiful tanned legs though. I was staring at her legs when I heard a cough. I looked right up at her. She had a smirk on her face.
"Like what you see?" She asked. Angela started to laugh.
"I can tell you I see a nasty looking whore." She said.
Amber looked like it didn't bother her. She kept looking at me. She had beautiful green eyes and medium length, messy, brown hair. She was five foot and six inches like me. I was looking at her and thought she was good looking but everyone said she was just a slut. Apprently her and Angela have issues. I don't know what but apparently it's not a happy story. 
Angela looked at me.
"Make sure you stay away from her, she probably has herpes." Angela said.
Amber laughed and looked at Angela's chest. Angela crossed her arms.
"What the hell you looking at?" She asked.
"Nothing that's there." Amber said and turned to me.
"Unlike you." She said.
"Excuse me?" I asked. She was looking at my chest? I had a C cup sized breasts. I felt weird that she was looking at them.
"You would make a good whore." Amber said.
I stepped right in front of her. She did not just say I would be a good whore. Who did she think she was? She was smiling. I wanted to rip it off her face. 
"You know what, you probably already are." She said. 
I pulled back my arm and punched her in the face.
                  
Penting
Cerita ini murni imajinasiku dan apa yang terjadi di sini memang apa yang sebelumnya ada di pikiranku. Jadi, kalau kalian menemukan ada hal apapun yang sama dan mirip sama cerita ini, bisa jadi itu hanya kebetulan mirip atau ada yang menjiplak cerita ini. Karena aku nggak akan melakukan hal yang haram bagi di dunia menulis(read:copy paste).
Bagi kalian yang menemukan situs atau akun apapun yang memuat cerita yang mirip dengan Untouched Wounds harap hubungi aku.
Apa bedanya sama Jena and Jo?
Aku juga belajar dari sewaktu aku nulis cerita pertamaku untuk bikin cerita itu jangan tergesa-gesa. Seperti sekarang, santai.
Alur di sini juga aku ubah 80% dan aku bukannya repost. Aku emang niat bikin cerita ini dari nol lagi namun ada beberapa part yang emang part yang dulu.
Pasti buat pembaca Jena and Jo males lagi buat membaca cerita ini lagi kalau awalnya emang gitu-gitu aja. Tapi coba liat deh, emang beda kan? Namun idedasarnya emang sama.
Yang mau disampaikan sama pembaca?
Intinya selamat membaca lagi deh. Maaf deh ya udah bikin pusing gara-gara alurnya yang gaje. Doain aja semoga aku selalu diberi kesempatan buat menulis #lebay.
Jadi, selamat berpetualang di dunia Jena dan Jonathan lagi!!!
Sincerely
Ine♥
I woke up to my mum shouting up the stairs telling me I was going to be late. But I knew that I wasn't I'm never  late to school. I woke up got changed into my school uniform which I hate wearing it's so annoying.I grabbed my bag and headed down the stairs. As I walked in the kitchen my twin brother Marley was talking about his football game. 
"I think we have a good chance of winning " he said whilst eating his toast. We might be twins but we are really different. Yeah I know what your thinking of course you are he's a boy and your a girl. I know but we are he has all the friends and all the girls falling at his feet. Me I have two friends James and Emily. That's all I need. He would rather go to parties I would rather stay home and do homework. But I wouldn't do with out him he is my brother of course."You are going to come and watch football aren't you Miya " he said as I sat next to him at the table "When have I ever come to watch you play, I mean I would its just it's not really my scene. Sorry bro" I did feel bad but I don't like football it's just people kicking a ball around really"That's ok but you are going to see one before we leave even if I have to take you there myself"he said smiling at me "Best of luck"I said standing up  "that's never going to happen anyway I'll see you later I'm meeting Emily before school" I said walking out "Bye dear!" My mum shouted "Believe me Miya you will come to one"Marley shouted I won't and he knows it 
As I got to to the school gate Emily seen me. She is really pretty she has brown short hair and big brown eyes all the boys fall for her. She isn't like me I have blonde wavy hair that goes down my back boys do ask me out but I always say no, I just want to get school out the way first and think about boys laterShe was runny over to me shouting"Hello!"she shouted and hugged me "Hey you ok" I said hugging her back "I'm better then ok" she said stepping back "jack asked me out and of course I said yes "Like I said all the boys fall for her "What about Sam I thought that you were going out with him" I said shocked "We broke up yesterday but I'm with jack maybe you could get with Sam" she said linking our arms "Haha good one" I laughed We started walking into school on our way to form "I still think James has a thing for you"she said as we walked along "Nah he's more like a brother to me" "Come on the way he acts when he's around you, Miya he does have a thing for you"We arrived in form and went to the back as we always doI sat next to her just then James walked in when he seen me he smiled I smiled back. He came and sat next to me "You girls ok?" He asked "Yeah I'm fine you?" I asked "I'm good thanks" he smiled and hugged me I hugged him back My phone buzzed I pulled it out it was from Emily 
Emily: see he has a thing for you ;) xxMe: Emily it was a friendly hug that's it xxEmily: keep telling yourself that a babe xxx
Just then miss walked in we both put out phones away. I looked over at James, nah he can't have a thing for me right?
                “OW! SON OF A SPONGE LIVING IN A PINEAPPLE UNDER THE SEA!”
                I let out a string of curse words and stuck my now lightly bleeding finger in my mouth. Jeez, paper cuts were the worst form of torture. I guarantee if you take a bunch of suspects and give them a paper cut, they would tell you everything you wanted to know.
                “Math homework, you are now my enemy.” I growled, pulling my finger out of my mouth and narrowing my eyes at the worksheet that had attempted to sever my finger.
                I carefully plucked the worksheet out of my locker and stuffed it into my backpack. I zipped up my bag and slung it over my shoulder, standing up and shutting my locker.
                I sighed and brushed my hair out of my eyes, looking around the hallway. It was still early, so there weren’t a lot of people at the school yet.
                “I wonder if Eric and Tabitha are here yet.” I mumbled to myself.
                I glanced down at my finger and pouted. My eyes suddenly widened in terror. What if the gash on my finger got infected and they had to chop it off? I WOULD ONLY HAVE NINE FINGERS.
                “Tate, why are you staring at your finger like it’s Satan?”
                I jumped in shock and spun to face Ashley. She raised an eyebrow at me and I pouted even deeper, waving my finger in her face.
                “Do you see this gash? My math homework attacked me a minute ago. Oh god, Ash. I think I can see the bone,” I said miserably. “I’m going to bleed to death, right here in the hallway of our high school. What a horrible way to go.”
                “Tate, it’s not even bleeding! It’s just red. It barely even broke the skin. Stop being a baby.” Ashley said, rolling her eyes in annoyance and smacking my hand away from her face.
                “Whatever. Selfish bitch.” I grumbled, wincing when she glared at me. Not that I was afraid of a girl or anything. I just was…afraid…of…
                You know what? Shut up. You’d be afraid of this chick too. She wore so much make up it wasn’t even healthy, and don’t even get me started on those claws.
                “Where are Eric, Tabitha, and Rupert?” I asked curiously. 
                “I was about to ask you the same thing.” She said with a sigh.
                I shrugged at her. “Well, why are we standing around? Let’s go find them!” I snapped in her face and spun on my heels, walking towards the main lobby of the school.
                Ashley caught up to me and shot me a quick glare before letting her eyes scan the hallway for any sign of Eric, Tabitha, or Rupert. I looked around as well.
                “Oh, there they are.” Ashley said, nodding.
                I glanced over and spotted them standing in a half-circle. I cocked my head to the side curiously, wondering why the three of them were standing like that.
                Ashley and I made our way over towards them, and I instantly understood why they were standing like that. They were gathered around someone.
                That someone happened to be named Callum. I couldn’t remember his last name, but I definitely recognized him. Plus, his first name wasn’t exactly common.
 Picute of Conner on the side. Can you say SSSEEEEEEXXXXXAAAAAAYYYY??? Cuz, I mean,DAMN. Just, DAMN.
COMMENT VOTE & FANNNN
ENJOY.
THANKS FOR READING.
Thank you so much to JustYourFriend for the awesome cover!! <333333
 ***********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
  “Be there at six.” Cassidy instructed.
    “But I eat dinner at six.”
    “No, I meant six  AM.”
    “There’s one of those in the mornings too?” I rolled my head back to look at her lazily.
    She only shook her head before giving me a stern look and strutting away. In four inch heels.
     Cassidy was the captain of the cheer squad at Emerson High School. She was also probably one of my best friends since the third grade. She was just a big ball of energy, probably the reason that she was captain. I, however, am pretty sure the only reason I made it on the squad back in Freshman year was because I was flexible and obnoxious.
   I put both straps over my shoulders and set out to go to my locker. My locker was my backs best friend because this year all my teachers decided that not only I should have a two inch binder just for their class but also, I should bring my book everyday to class. As I stepped up to my locker and put in my combo my brother, Jack came up beside me to his own locker.
     Jack was a year older than me, him being a senior and I being a junior. But we were pretty close as we were both what you would put under the ‘jock’ category. He played wide receiver in football and was the captain of the basketball team.
     “Hey,” I greeted giving him a brief smile before taking out my PreCal book, binder, and notebook.
      “Hi Hayley. What’s up?” He asked.
      “You know, the usual. Nothing. By the way, I can’t give you a ride tomorrow, I have morning practice.” I told him.
      “Ew.”
      “Trust me, I know.”
       Just then someone bumped hard into my brother making him crash against his locker. Conner Newman. Although there was plenty of room in the large hallway he just had to bump into my brother. Why, of course.
       “Hey! Watch it jerk!” I yelled.
       Conner slowly turned, his handsome face turned into a snarl, and looked right at me. “Why don’t you just shut your skank ass up?”
        I stood there gaping at him. What was one to say to that? Well, most likely a good insult back but at that moment I could think of none. So there I stood, face shocked, as people watched the exchange before looking away and going back to minding their own business. I had never been one for quick retorts unlike Cassidy who could whip them out at any moments notice.
                        (They are all 16)                             Ella's pov"Your finally 16!" Harvey yells to me as I hop in his car. 
"Yep, and I'm excited!" I tell him. He kiss my check and I blush.
"Us and the squad are going out for dinner and a walk tonight." He says 
I smile and we pull up to the school. He parks him car and we run into the school.
I rush to my locker and then to homeroom.                           Ally's pov
The bell rings and me and Ella rush out of the school.
Kepada masa lalu, aku ucapkan selamat tinggal tapi tak pernah bisa benar-benar melupakan.
Kepada masa lalu, kenapa dia terus membayang? Aku hanya ingin melangkah maju tanpa kepahitan. Tanpa kesedihan. Tanpa kesakitan.
Kepada masa lalu, aku harap bisa lupa. Lupa bagaimana ketakutan. Bagaimana kepedihan. Bagaimana kekecewaan.
Kepada masa depan, aku harap kamu sebagai penyembuhku.
-trissella-
*****
Salah satu kenangan yang paling pahit menurut Gerry adalah masa-masa yang terjadi dalam kurun waktu satu setengah tahun silam. Ada luka menganga lebar setelah bundanya pergi. Ada kesakitan dalam saat mengingat bahwa tak seharusnya semua itu terjadi. Seharusnya, di masa-masa SMA nya saat ini, bundanya masih mendampinginya dengan senyum ceria. Seharusnya ia masih bisa tertidur di pangkuan bunda dengan belaian lembut yang berpusat pada kepalanya seperti tahun-tahun ia di Sekolah Menengah Pertama dulu. Atau seharusnya ia masih bisa melihat senyum bundanya saat ia masih menjadi atlet polo air dulu dan melihatnya dikalungkan medali saat ia membawa timnya sebagai juara.
Tapi Gerry tak mampu mendapatkannya lagi. Bunda pergi tanpa lambaian tangan. Tanpa senyum menenangkan. Tanpa sepatah dua patah kata untuk berpamitan. Bunda pergi begitu saja. Meninggalkan Gerry pada palung masa lalu kelam yang dalam.
Semakin berjalan, semakin masa lalu itu membayang. Gerry seolah tak bisa keluar dari kubangan hitam yang membuat dia membenci segala yang terjadi sesaat sebelum bunda pergi.
Ayah ... Karina ... Bunda ... Gerry membenci semuanya.
Sungguh, sumpah mati Gerry mencintai bunda dengan begitu besar. Tapi sebesar itu pula ia membenci wanita yang telah melahirkannya. Setidaknya setelah semua itu terjadi, ia masih punya Aruna. Yang menawarkannya kepercayaan besar untuknya. Yang membuatnya mau untuk berpegangan.
Masa lalu ... Seandainya semudah itu ia bisa berlalu.
*****
This book is original. No Copying this book is allowed unless asked permission. 
In order to translate this book into any other language you MUST private message me first and get my permission or else your story will be Copyright and reported. 
Any and all hate comments will be deleted. Don't ruin the book for others and for myself. 
Any suggestions will be accepted and if approved will be put in the book. 
Enjoy ;) 
        (pic of Blakelyn ^^^) 
        ———— Blakelyn POV ———— 
       When I started being a secretary at Paradise Island Café, I had everything for me. I had a good boyfriend but that all ended when my boyfriend started taking drugs. Then the worst thing happened to me when I found out that I was pregnant. I was so afraid when I found this out. I was the very first person to really work with Alexander Wright. 
       Alexander was a powerful man and I saw his temper almost every day of the week. I was responsible for keeping him under control and that was a daily process that kept me up on my feet. I was hiding my pregnancy from Alex because I didn't want to get fired. Sometimes, it was hard for me to focus during the day because my pregnancy was hidden. 
       But as I'm getting closer to my due date, I don't think I'm going to be able to hide my pregnancy from Alex from much longer. 
       This is my story.... 
Author note- the video is the song in this chapter. (If you don't like rock music don't listen. )I breathe you in with smoke in the backyard lights,we used to laugh until we choked into the wasted nights.It was the best time of my life, but now I sleep alone,
So darling, don't, don't wake me up, 'cause my thrill is gone.,Say I'm wrong,In the sunset turning red behind the smoke,
forever and alone.Yeah!
Bulletproof Love by Pierce The Veil played as my alarm went off. I seriously love that song and I think without it I wouldn't be able to get up in the morning. I turn off the alarm and get off the bed. I walk into my bathroom and look in the mirror. Same sad, cut up, ugly girl. I sigh and take off my clothes. I turn on the water and fill up my bathtub with warm water and coconut scented liquid soap. And just for fun I add a red colored ball to turn the water red. it's made for bubble baths sheesh. I then grab my phone off the bathroom counter,since I leave it in the bathroom for this purpose, and put my music on shuffle. I turned off the water and jumped in my tub. Thank god it was Saturday because this bath felt good. 
I woke up to the sound of my phone vibrating. Wait how long was I asleep for ?!?! I checked my phone and saw that an unknown number called me. Whatever I could care less, I don't talk anyways. then I checked the time. IVE BEEN IN THE BATH FOR THREE FREAKING HOURS. I washed my hair and body and jumped out the bath. I grabbed my towel and wrapped it around me. I played my music again and walked into my room and went into my closet and took out underwear, a pair of black sweatpants, a white t-shirt, and black and white tribal print walking socks. I slip on my clothes and put my hair in a really high messy bun. I turn off my music on my phone and bring it with me downstairs.The money and property from my parents death pretty much set me up for life. I had pretty much a good lifestyle. lots of money, a huge house, a good car, etc. But I could care less about that stuff. I wish I had someone who understands and loves me for me. Today I'm deciding not to eat so I just sit down on a purple bean bag in the living room and play Pixel Guns on my phone. don't judge that game is fun. after getting tired of playing Pixel Guns I decide to go to my tree house in the back of my house, in the forest. I walked straight outside with my phone. hey, I could care less if my socks get dirty. I walk about 15 minutes to my tree house and climb the ladder to the top of the tree. I push the little trap door to get into the tree house. my tree house is pretty small but its comfy. I come here to think and get away from reality. I grab a blanket and pillow from the treasure chest in the corner of the tree house and set it on the floor of the tree house. I then lay down and fall asleep thinking about why I'm such a horrible person to be around ....
Dejo en claro que los primeros capítulos son cortos, sin sentido e incoherentes ya que esta novela la empecé a los 13 años, por lo que era media pendejta, whatever, disfruten la novela y voten👐
I started to panic when a blindfold covered my eyes and my world turned black. My breaths became shorter and faster and I started to feel dizzy by the pace of my breath and heartbeat. 
"What the hell is wrong with him!" a voice screamed right next to me and the hold on my right arm loosened, I took it as a opportunity and quickly pulled the blindfold off my face. Even if I wasn't able to see much more than before I still felt much better when it was off. I focused on taking deep breaths as I were basically hanging from my left arm, since the guy that held it hadn't loosen his grip the slightest.
"My god Sam, let him down!" the second guy on my right exclaimed and I finally got released and fell down on the concrete. "Sam! We're just suposed to get him home, not make him pass out!" the guy sounded panicked but held his voice down. The guy on my left, Sam, bend down beside me and I flinched away as he trailed his eyes over my body. 
"Sorry" he muttered and pulled me up from the ground again, this time whitout the blindfold and he dragged me to the black car they used to trap me in the ally and open the back door. He pushed me in before I had a chance to do something and closed and locked the door, he then got into the drivers seat and the other guy sat beside me in the back. I had nothing that stopped me from escaping, but why would I risk to be chased and captivated again by the Sam guy? Exactly.
The car started moving and tears of fear started burning behind my eyes, no one said anything until Sam stopped the car outside a big house out in nowhere.
"You take him in Luc" He said and stepped out from the car and walked in inside the house, the guy- Luc stretched out his hands towards me and I quickly flinched away from his open palm, convinced that he would hurt me. He got a confused look but just took my wrists in his hand and I pushed away the pain, he bound my wrist togheter with a ziplock-band and lead me out from the car and into the house. It didn't seem like a house someone would kidnapp someone to, it had fresh white walls, nice furniture and were obviously cleaned regulary, like a normal house. We stopped inside and a new guy walked around the corner. He had dark, brown hair styled in a quiff and dark green eyes. Even trough his jumper I can see his muscular body and how his muscles move when he walk. He stopped infront of us.
"I guess you already know why you are here" he says nonchalantly and I look up at him, I wished I was taller right now. In respons I just shook my head 'no' and his face turned to confusion.
"Your dad are a pain in the ass to us, and we will make sure he don't give us any more trouble anymore" He said and I sighed lightly.
"Then you need to get better info before you do something, you just get a gold stair for taking me from him" I spat out and though of how much my dad had fucked up my life and now someone kidnapps me for something he've done, he probaly owes them money.
"Why wouldn't he care for you?" Luc asked confused and earned a angry glare from the guy, who I guess is the boss. 
I bit my lip and ignored te question. I just shook my head and let out a sight and looked down at te floor, feeling a alright pain from my tightly bound hands.
"Well, I'll take him from here" he says to Luc and takes my arm in a hard grip , I let out a cry in pain and he directly let go of me and took a step back. Without a word he instead walked behind me and pushed me before him and deeper inside the house.
We stops in front of a door and he quickly undid the ziplock-band from  my wrists and I let out a sigh in relief when it stopped pressing together my wrists. He opened the door and made a gesture for me to walk in, and I do so and turned around a step from the door. 
"Someone will take up dinner" is all he says and I just nodded before he closed and locked the door. I'm about to throw up just of the thought of food.
°
°
°
Hey guys! I'm so excited for someone to read my first boyxboy story! I have thought about this for a time now and finally started writing it. It'll have some boyxboy actions, I think.. But I will write before and after to the ones that don't want to read ;) If someone have any good ideas I want YOU to message them to me in the PM's! I'll write on a chapther every week, and post what I have wrote in the weekend, so I guess many chapthers will be kinda long and others very short! If it become too long in one chapter I guess I'll part it up and post part 2 of it during the week. 
-Edited 23 Sep 2016
— É uma coisa extraordinária quando conhecemos alguém com quem podemos dividir cada momento especial na nossa vida. Alguém que nos aceita como somos apesar de todos os nossos defeitos e indiferenças. Alguém em quem podemos confiar e que sebemos que apesar das circunstâncias sempre vai estar do nosso lado quando preciso. Eu nunca pensei que um dia estaria aqui, em frente a um altar prestes a me casar e muito menos, com uma pessoa tão maravilhosa quanto você. Alguns até me disseram que não daria certo, e que logo, logo o encanto acabaria, mas eu sei que não será bem assim. Eu prometo que farei de tudo para seja eterno. É contigo que quero viver até o ultimo dia da minha vida e quando isso acontecer não importa para onde eu vá, pois eu irei feliz por ter vivido ao seu lado e ter compartilhado cada momento lindo da minha vida com você. Eu me comprometo a cuidar de você, te proteger e te fazer a mulher mais feliz desse mundo. Thamyres Lins, eu te amo! — Eles enxuga algumas lágrimas que desciam pela sua face, e agora era a hora de Thamy falar. Ela estava nervosa, e sua respiração estava falha. Luan sorri pra mesma, pondo a mão em seu ombro como se dissesse um "Tá tudo bem, não precisa ficar nervosa", e ela sorri de volta, pronunciando as seguintes palavras:
—  Palavras não são capazes de expressar o que sinto por você nesse momento. Eu poderia apenas resumir tudo o que sinto em um simples "Eu te amo!”, mas com certeza essa não seria eu. Queria apenas que soubesse que você foi a melhor coisa que aconteceu na minha vida. Você é e sempre foi uma pessoa maravilhosa, companheira, compreensiva e entre outras milhares de qualidades. Motivos não faltam para está feliz ao seu lado, interesses em comum também não… Mas eu acho que é acima de tudo porque você me faz uma pessoa melhor. Tenho certeza que sem você a minha vida teria muito menos sentido agora e estou completamente convencida de que você é o homem perfeito pra mim. Eu quero estar ao seu lado todos os dias quando você acordar, quero viver os melhores momentos da minha vida ao seu lado e provar que não há dinheiro nenhum no mundo que compre o amor imenso que tenho por você — Ela encerra a suas palavras com um pequeno sussurro de "Eu te amo, meu amor" e ele mordi o lábio, sorrindo largamente.
— Pode beijar a noiva — Altoriza, e assim os dois finalmente se beijam, arrancando aplausos das várias pessoas que haviam ali. Após o casamento encerrado, os dois caminham rumo a porta da igreja onde são surpreendidos com chuvas de arroz. Agora a festa seria na nova casa do casal, um evento voltado somente para os familiares e pessoas mais íntimas.
Entrei no carro junto aos meus pais, e sentando de um lado da janela, apressiando toda aquela escuridão até a voz do meu pai me fazer sair de meus devaneios.
— Te deixaremos na festa e você arruma uma carona na volta, ok? Sua mãe teve um dia muito agitado hoje e precisa de um pouco de descanso.
— Ok — Digo, e dentre poucos minutos já estavamos em frente ao local. Meus pais descem apenas para parabenizar os noivos e Luan lamenta por eles não poderem ficar. Caminho até uma das mesas que haviam no local, pegando uma taça de champanhe e assim caminhando até o centro do salão onde tocava uma música animada e algumas pessoas já dançavam. Viro o líquido na minha boca e já me sentia um pouco mais animada. Soltei os meus cabelos que estavam presos em um coque, e após me virar, alguém esbarra em mim, manchando todo o meu vestido.
— Tá cego por acaso? — Falo irritada, vendo que agora eu estava toda molhada.
— A cega pelo visto aqui é você — Aquela era uma voz que eu conhecia muito bem. E não tinha forma pior de começar a noite que encontrar com esse idiota. Ergui minha cabeça para encará-lo e sua expressão séria estava sobre mim. Ele parecia frio, e seu rosto não demonstrava emoção alguma. O Wendell carrancudo está de volta! 
Darcy Silver was seven years old when she was diagnosed with AML, Acute Myeloid Leukemia. It was the seventh day, of the seventh month, of the seventh year and people think the number seven is supposed to be lucky, not for Darcy. Ten years later and she has had 19 surgeries and counting, after being in remission for four years the cancer is back and spreading fast. Darcy is now 17 and she will be starting chemotherapy once again, but she is drained of hope. She feels she's done fighting, until she meets Nathan Flynn, a 18 year old boy who is new in town and becomes friends with Darcy's brother, Matt. 
 Darcy becomes friends with Nathan but she refuses to tell him she's sick and swears Matt to secrecy. But how long will her secret stay a secret? Will he find out? It's bound to happen. Will he be mad? Sad? Darcy's journey is a roller coaster full of emotions. No one ever said life was supposed to be easy.
Amazing trailer on the right by LikeaBlackbird
I looked at my room or what was to be my old room as of tomorrow. I had grown to love this place; it was my home, my haven. It took me almost one whole year to accept this place as my own.
Here I was about to start off again, life had been truly unfair to me, just as when I was to settle in one place I had to move again. My school, my teachers, my friends; I was going to miss all of them. I sighed as I put my book away; put out the lights and tucked myself under my covers. Tomorrow was going to a new day... a new beginning.
"Honey, get up it's already seven thirty." My mom said tapping me awake.
"Hmm... five more minutes, mom." I moaned in my sleep.
"Carly you have to get up, we don't have much time; it's going be a hectic day." My mom said.
I shot my eyes open and saw my mom smiling at me, she really was happy I could see it in her eyes.
"Oh yeah we moving today, I almost forgot." I said lowly.
"I'll get up." I said as I started sitting up.
My mom held my shoulders and sat down
beside me. "Honey, aren't you happy that your dad and I are getting back together?"
I smiled, "of course I'm happy mom, who wouldn't be happy that their parents are getting back together after four years."
I sighed, "It's just that I'll miss New York, my school, and all my friends. This place had become home for me too mom."
"It should be understandable for being a little disappointed leaving, right?" I asked.
"Of course sweetie, but California's your real and first home." she assured me.
"You were born and brought up there, you'll see that as soon as we reach you'll be smiling so much that your cheeks would hurt." My mom said pulling me into a small hug.
"Now come on, go shower while I whip you up some breakfast."
I nodded and smiled sweetly.
After a much needed hot shower I dressed into some denim shorts and a tank top. I had packed most of my clothes away so I only had a few out.
"Okay honey, I will." My mom said into the phone as I ate my cereal.
"Yes she's fine, and I will call you as soon as we reach."
"Bye see you, I love you too." My mom smiled as she hung up.
"Your dad's so paranoid." My mom said rolling her eyes.
I smiled to myself, hearing my mom say I love you to my dad again, made me want to jump with joy. My mom and dad had separated about four years ago; my dad was out on business too much and my mom got frustrated that he was never there for me and my mom.
So they had decided to take some time apart from each other. My mom and I had moved to New York since then. My brother stayed back in California with my dad, he had school to finish. I had just started high school so it was easy for me to move to another school. I had almost gone into a depression when we moved. I had become the new girl at school who hardly had any friends, and it took me almost a year to start becoming myself again. I had left everything behind in California. But here I was again starting over, only this time I was moving back home, back to my old school I was nervous at becoming the new girl again; the new girl at my old school was sure to be fun.
"Carly, Honey come on!" my mom shouted from downstairs.
I looked at my now empty room, I remember the first time I stepped foot in this room. I hated it, I wanted to be back in California; the only home I've known. Four years ago I dreaded being here and now five years later when I was going back to my old home I dreaded leaving this place.
**This will be the next story I start and I'm inspired! So hoping this one does better than my last teacherxstudent one! Ideas are always appreciated**
My lips were parted slightly as I leaned forward to make sure my eyeliner was being applied in a straight line. It was always a hassle to get both sides correct.
"Dasha!" my roommate came in singing as I swooped up and cursed. Damn!
"Rosemary, really?" I groaned as I wiped off the gold eyeliner and restarted on my eyes.
"Oops, sorry love," she teased and went to go finish packing her bag for class.
"Done," I declared as I gazed back into the mirror seeing that both sides were even. The gold eyeliner brought out the hazel in my eyes and made my platinum blonde hair shimmer a bit more.
"Ready for class?"
"Will I ever be?" I acknowledged back and grabbed my bag as well.
We started walking towards the cafe and I pulled out my phone to check my reflection quickly. I had to start this new year off with a good first impression! Especially in college!
"Dash, you're fine," my roommate grabbed my elbow as we made our way into the line with the other sleepy-eyed freshman who were only awake enough to make it through an eight am class.
I glanced down at my seafoam chiffon dress that was hanging loosely around me, held by the brown clenched belt. To top it all off, I had on brown sandals that had gold darting down the middle strap. Simple yet cute for the first day. Rosemary on the other hand had gone all "bad girl" it seemed. A black crop top with the rolling stones logo on it and high waisted shorts. Her black converse were the only things I would've changed about the outfit but it didn't bother her one bit.
"Mmm pancakes," she gushed as I made my way over to the cereal section and grabbed some rice krispies and fruit. I was way too jittery to be eating something so filling.
I found a spot for the two of us by the window and flagged Rose down as she scanned the crowded cafe. Smiling, she came over and brought her tray down hard while sitting and digging into her food.
"You're not hungry?" she frowned after spooning a forkful of eggs into her mouth.
"No," I began as she continued eating, "too nervous I guess."
"What's your first class?"
"Intro to Business," I sighed.
"Bummer, mines history and I heard I have the hottest teacher here!" she squealed.
Oh Jeez. It didn't matter what school I attended, there was always that one teacher that everyone thought was to die for. I just didn't get the point, it wasn't worth the trouble even if we were of age.
Rose pushed back a lock of her curled copper hair, "well even if I can't have him. I can still look," she winked at me.
"By all means, just don't drool too much," I teased her as she pressed her lips together to keep from spitting her milk back out.
Once she was able to compose herself she pretended to glare at me as I just giggled. We had been friends since middle school and hadn't planned on being at the same school, but it just happened that way.
"Well I should be off," she glanced at her watch, "I'll catch you at the dorm?"
"Sure. Or I'll see you in math," the one class we had together.
She pretended to choke herself and got up to throw away her stuff as I continued munching on my pear.
Looking down, I saw I still had about twenty minutes but there wasn't any point in me just twiddling my thumbs. Might as well just get up and go to class early, could give me an insight on how this year will be.
Begrudgingly, I stood up and walked out towards the tall pale blue and luminous building that was the so called business building. Honestly it just reminded me of some tall CEO miniature skyscraper that was out of place on campus.
Upon entering the classroom, I noticed there were some students who were sitting. Hmm this was always the tough part, where did I want to awkwardly sit down with my stuff for an hour and a half?
I walked towards the middle and sat down in a desk with my bag plopping onto the floor.
"Good morning everyone," my professor walked in with his glasses nearly sliding off his crooked nose.
"Morning," some of us murmured as he wrote his name on the board. Professor Gallenstein.
"Well since some of you are here I'll go ahead and hand out the syllabus and go over some stuff."
His voice droned on about how he was going to try and make this class fun for us freshman and so on. It wasn't too bad but after thirty minutes when everyone had the syllabus and was glancing at it I noticed the amount of work I could potentially have.
"Great," I murmured and began highlighting stuff he mentioned that would be coming up soon.
"Alright, I don't really have anything else to tell you guys for today being that it is the first day. You're dismissed," he slid his glasses back up his nose.
Multiple conversations erupted after we got out of the class and I decided to just walk around campus for a few minutes. I still had about an hour til history, might as well get more acquainted with the University.
Stopping at the vending machine, I got a pack of cheese crackers and a pepsi. I at least had enough money to get snacks when I needed them.
"Breaking the broke college student stereotype?" a male voice sounded behind me.
"Yep, defying rules is what I live for," I teased back and stood up to be gazing into the most green eyes I had ever seen in my life.
"I see," he smirked and allowed me to step aside as he chose a bag of chex mix and a gatorade.
While his back was to mine, I checked him out slowly, enjoying the view. He was at least six three, and seemed to be either really tan or potentially Hispanic? I wasn't really good at figuring out ethnicity's, specially with his green eyes... they reminded me of emeralds. Even his dark chocolate hair was screaming for me to brush it with my fingers.
"Well it was nice to meet you," he frowned, "I'm sorry I don't think I caught your name. I'm Hayden Blaze."
"Dasha Watkins," I shook his hand as he gazed at me. Oh my, he was incredibly handsome.
"Well it was nice to meet you Miss Watkins," he smiled brightly and walked off towards the sociology and history building.
I giggled to myself, what would be the odds that Mr. Incredible would be in my class? Probably one in a million but a girl can dream.
**So we know who that is obviously... ;-) Hope you like the introduction! I'll be working on it as much as I can!**
Hello all of you lovely people!
First of all I would like to thank you for taking the time to read this book! It means a lot  to me and honestly its even surprising that any of you even want to read it. This would be my second book on this account and it's amazing how many of you guys have read it. In all honesty I haven't read through all of the book myself.
Now that is all settle, the real reason for this notice. Before you even take a peek at the first chapter, read through all of this.
You do have to understand that I wrote this book when I was maybe thirteen. My thirteen year old mind was very different than what my mind is today. Some of the book description is all based on my experience. For example, when Jessi shows Kennedy around people are saying that never happens in real, but oh no all of you are very wrong. This in fact has happened to me a couple of times. Other description of characters are also my own view on things and none of you should take anything seriously of what is said in this book.
Now let move on to the grammar. Yes, the grammar! The one I have gotten hundreds of comment/messages about. I do understand that the grammar is bad. Okay, it's horrible. To all of your surprise I'm actually fluent in English, but just like any human on the planet I make mistakes.  Please if you see a mistake and if it also already has a comment on it, don't comment! ONE COMMENT IS ENOUGH!
I know that the plot in sometimes gets a little stupid, but bare with me. I am working on it. I'm rewriting every chapter on this book, word for word. I also have a couple of people looking over it so it's the best it can be. I will upload the revise chapters when I am done rewriting the whole book so it makes sense. 
Thank you all! If you have made it this far then enjoy the book!
"Please?!" Anna shrieked in my ear.
I chuckled and grinned. "Let's do it."
She giggled and cheered. "Good, it's about time!"
Anna was my best friend and she always won debates. For example, just seconds ago, Anna convinced me to go to a party, like a high school party. And surprisingly, parties around here are exactly like the movies. Alcohol, sweaty and drunk crowds, thumping pop music, beer pong, everything. I, however, wasn't a fan. I'd rather stay home with a good art project instead of hanging out with smelly, drunk teenagers.
I slammed my locker shut and clutched my books to my side. "Yeah, yeah, yeah." I mumbled. "Be at my house by seven."
She nodded as we went separate ways down the school hallway and towards our next classes.
Today, I was wearing dark skinny jeans, clinging to my legs with high heal boots that cut off right below the knee. They were black and shiny, I stole them from my mom's closet last week. I had on a white Bob Marley shirt with a black leather jacket, unzipped to show the design of the Marley shirt underneath it. My dark, long, wavy brown hair flowed down my back in thick waves and my face was covered in a light layer of makeup.
"Are you coming to the party tonight?" I heard a deep voice behind me as he wrapped his arm around me.
I smiled up at Ricky, my boyfriend of three months, and pecked him on the lips. "I hope not."
He chuckled. "Do you want me to pick you up?"
"No, I mean, I don't want to. But I'll see you Monday, okay?" I asked as we came to the door to my next class.
He leaned down and kissed my cheek. "You got it, babe." He said before retracting his arm and walking back down the hallway. Wow, he was really, really hot. His muscles flexed through his shirt as he walked down the hallway and I bit my lip as I watched before he turned the corner and I hurried into my classroom before the bell rang.
When it was party time, Anna had me dressed in a skin tight black dress that just barely covered my butt. One sleeve slithered all the way down to my wrist while the other shoulder was left bare. There was a triangular piece in the midsection missing, showing off a small bit of skin from my belly but hiding my belly ring. I was wearing a pair of my mom's purple ankle boots to finish it off and all of my wavy chocolaty hair was swooped over one shoulder. My makeup was caked onto my face heavily, I was surprised my face could still breathe. But as hard as it was to admit, I looked hot.
"See? You look good. I'm a genius." Anna said smugly as we checked each other out in my huge mirror. Anna's hair was long, straight, and blonde but right now, she had forced it into a side pony tail. Her dress was just as skin tight as mine, only it was blue with rhinestones covering the bust and no sleeves or midsection holes. Her heals were black.
"And where might you two be going?" My mom asked, inspecting our outfits when we made our way into the living room where my mom was finishing a large painting on a large canvas. She was an artist, and a really good one. Which is why almost every wall in our house was a mural. Some of nature, others of important people or symbols of music. None of our furniture matched and nothing was boring. All colors were bright and exciting, no creativity was lost. My handprints covered the living room walls, my little kid footprints on the floor boards. My height tracker from when I was little was still marked beside the old, unused TV.
"Jake's party." I replied simply, I never lied to my mother.
"With alcohol?" She asked with raised eyebrows.
"Yeah, but I'm not going to drink. You know me." I said, again, truthfully. I couldn't stand the taste of alcohol. Ew.
"Paisley, can I tell you something?" she asked, standing form her easel and walking over to me while Anna made her way and gently sat down on the bright red paisley couch. My mom said it was the inspiration for my name. Personally, I hate the pattern paisley, but it's a pretty name, I suppose.
I make my way into the deans office. She had set up a meeting with me a couple weeks ago, when I first moved to Cali. I was super happy when I got told they had excepted my transfer. I was surprised they did since it's the middle of the 2nd semester.
I walk into the tiny room. Mrs. Blake,the dean, was sitting behind a desk. She was reviewing some papers.
I stood awkwardly in the door frame. Do I just walk in or... "Please sit." Mrs Blake looks up from the papers. I sit down in a black chair in front of her desk.
"Well you must be," She looks down at her papers,"Ms. Hanson." I nod,"Hello it's nice to meet you." I put out my hand to shake. "You too." she shakes my hand.
"So everything is set, you start class on Monday." I almost let out a squeal but I held it in. The college here in Cali was my first choice however, my mother talked me into staying in Florida.
"Oh actually, we have something to discuss." Mrs. Blake turns to a different page. 
"As you know, you came at a very late time," I should have tried to transfer earlier, "All the dorms are filled."
I felt my heart break a little. They said I would be able to live on campus. I can't afford to live off of campus.
"But we have an apartment here on campus for you, well not just you." she says." Not just me? What do you mean?" I was confused.
"Someone has been living there for a while without a roommate. We prefer everyone have a roommate but he got lucky and didn't get one. Now you're his roommate." She explains.
He? I wonder who he is. I guess I'll find out later. "Okay." I say. "Mr.Chains is one of our top students here. I'm sure he can help you with work if you got stuck." she smiles. If he took film and dance, then maybe.
"When ever you're ready, we have a student ready to take you to your temporary home." I nod and make my way back to the front of the building.
I find the seat where I had left my bags. There was a girl sitting there. I walk up to grab my things. "Are you the new girl?" The girl asks. I look around to see if she's talking to me and then nods.
"Hi! I'm Lacy!Ill be showing you to your dorm/ apartment ." she smiles. "Hi. I'm Alexandria but I go by Alex." I smile back. "Well alright, let's go to your new place!" I quickly grab my things and follow her out the door.
We've been walking for about 5 minutes. We past a few dorms. There weren't many students around. I'm guessing they're in class because it's a Friday and it 10am.
I'm somewhat nervous for class. I don't know if they teach the same things I learned back in Florida. I don't want to get lost. 
Back in Florida, I took once math class. two film classes, a dance class, an English class,a culinary class just for fun, and a photography class.
I manly focused on film and photography. Since I was little, I've always wanted to go into directing. I used to take my mom's camera and film random plays that I wrote. They were terrible, but back then I thought they were the most amazing thing ever.
As I got older, my mom bought me my own camera. I stopped making videos and took more pictures. I found my love for photography.
In high school, they offered a film class. I had to make many short films. That brought back my love for directing.
"We are here!" Lacy says causing me to come out of my thoughts. 
I look at the small house. It was a tan color. There was a small walk way to the front door. It looked nice from what I can see.
          
I broke her heart.
I never meant to really. You see, it was more of like a defense mechanism.
I didn't realize the consequences. I kept hurting her.
I broke her down, I destroyed her.
My Bambi could only take so much.
~~~~
Excuse the mistakes
Dedicated to imallergicetoidiots, because inadvertantly, she inspired this story. Go check out her stuff!
~~~~
Two minutes.
There were two minutes left in the last hockey game I would play with my teammates of the past four years. Two minutes left in a game, which was tied at zero, that I really wanted to win. Two minutes left in a game, and I stuck sitting in my home away from home; the penalty box.
The other girl had it coming, though. The referee had clearly blown his whistle, yet she kept digging at my goalie and best friend Kelly, whose glove contained the puck after a dynamite save. I couldn’t let that go down, and when I’d stepped between the girl and Kelly, she’d shoved me. I was not someone who would just let that go.
It was an incredibly bad habit, but as my mom would say, I got my stubbornness and aggression from my dad. He played division one hockey and led Boston University in penalty minutes. My older brother, Nick, was the same way at Cornell.
“Skate, Brianna, skate!” I screamed, banging my gloved fist against the boards as one of my teammates got a hold of the puck and took off down the ice. I glanced up at the scoreboard as Brianna was stripped of the puck, and I bit my lip. I had thirty seconds left in my penalty, and I was itching to get back onto the ice.
My team needed this win. Mostly, it was because we were playing the Razorsharks, a girls’ travel team from Rashido, which was a town about twenty minutes north of where I lived. The rivalry between my team, the Cyclones, and the Razorsharks was pretty much like Toronto versus Montreal; we hated each other. This win was something we needed to shut the Razorsharks’ trash-talking mouths.
Plus, tonight was my last game. Tomorrow, I was moving to Clarkson, New York, which was about five hours away from my current home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I didn’t really have a choice, since my dad’s job was moving him up to New York.
I was partly excited, since I was closer to Canada and the Toronto Maple Leafs, and Clarkson was only fifteen minutes away from Ithaca. That meant I could see a lot more of Nick, who was only two years older than me in his freshman year at Cornell.
However, I was also really mad since the season had just started, and I’d been playing with the same girls for the four seasons that I’d played girls’ travel hockey. Up until I was twelve, I’d just played on various boys teams. These girls were like my unofficial family.
“Three… two… one.”
As my penalty disappeared from the scoreboard, I hopped over the penalty box door and as soon as my skates touched the well-worn ice, I took off into my team’s zone. “Taylor!” I called, coming up next to my teammate as she guarded in the area in front of the net, “Go back to offense.”
Taylor nodded, and without a word, she went back to her left wing position, and I returned to left defense. There was less than a minute on the clock now, and we needed a goal. I watched the play in the corner, as I kept an eye on the Razorshark hovering in the slot.
Suddenly, the puck was coughed up, and it shot around the back of the net. I took off after it, and I angled the Razorshark wing out of the way to get my stick on the puck. Then, I brought it up the boards until the puck was out of our zone and on the way to the Razorshark net. I could vaguely hear my teammates cheering me on as I passed them, but I was too focused to understand what their words were.
//August's Outfit Above/Side//
August smiled lightly as he woke up, the smell of freshly made pancakes filling his senses. He grinned going towards his outfit that he'd prepared the previous night. He wanted to make a statement, that he is him. Of coarse at his old school- very little respected his life style.he shook of the thoughts as he slid on his white almost transparent knee high socks, he grinned at the feeling against his smooth shaven legs, adjusting them slightly so that the bows and frills were even, next he brushed his hair over lightly with a comb. His black fluffy hair complementing his pale-ish skin and hazel eyes. He then picked up his black skater skirt pulling it up to his waist, the elastic resting perfectly on his hips. He grinned brightly at his half naked body, he didn't have muscles or abs but he wasn't extremely skinny he was average, and he was content with his body. He giggled as he spun the skirt flowing up a little."Coco Chanel" he mumbled happily as he put his arms through the sleeves of his white 'CHANEL' sweater it being slightly oversized however it suited him well, finally he grabbed his black vans, elegantly slipping his feet into them. he laced them up with single knots to create perfect symmetrical bows, he finally picked up his black rose kitten eared head band, gently placing it on his head, he sighed at the image of his reflection, he looked great."G'morning mum" August grinned "dad" he his happy tone faltered as he gave a nod toward his farther, only to receive a glance from him. ...................."fuck off, Beth" Evan grumbled "no" she pouted "Evan" she dragged out the 'N' "have you seen the new boy" Beth grinned. "He's adorable" Kaleb glared over at the younger of the Gallagah twins "you're supposed to be my girlfriend" at which she giggled "honestly I thought he was just a short haired girl at first, but no he's not. His names August, and" she paused to squeal "there he is, in the lunch line with Dylan, Jaxton and Ethan" she grinned. the five boys looked over as Beth removed herself from their table when seeing Michael taking out a cigarette. Evan gazed over the line before setting his eyes on someone who's face he couldn't see, but he could see their pink backpack and pink Michael Kors purse.. and their outfit, their very hot outfit "is he gay" and there we go, Evan and his homophobic friends

Copyright © Thatdaydreamer_ 2015-2016 All rights reserved 
A/N
Hiya! Thank you for deciding to read this book! This is my first attempt at a wattpad novel, I felt it would be a fun idea.As I am British, some phrases used in this book may sometimes be colloquial British terms, however I don't think I'll be using anything too confusing, and most references will be understandable.
(Thank you to anyone who also has the patience to read a whole authors note, because come on, I do ramble a bit;). I will try and come up with a weekly update schedule to create continuity in this book- however during exam periods I will let readers know if there will be any delays to updates.
H x
Keearah"Keke"Legend just moved to ATL with her mom and three older brothers. Her her dad was shot and killed when she was 11. Keearah tries to adjust to her new life and new school. Past bad relationships have affected her attitude towards boys and Keearah always has her guard up. Until she reunites with an old crush from her childhood. When things start turning around for the better that's when things start to get worse. 
Follow this story filled with love, lost, and betrayal. You'll never expect what happens next!
BabiiGirl
Opposites.
At a first glance, that’s exactly what they look like. They look like opposites. Alice always dresses in girly colors and frilly skirts, but Zoey has more of the black leather, kick-your-ass kinda style.
So, yes, they look like opposites, so to everyone’s naked eye, it’s a mystery why they are best friends, practically sisters, actually. Spending every waking moment together and sharing everything, they have grown up with each other.
But when you dig deeper, you’ll find that these two girls are exactly the same. They both came from families of wealth, for starters.
Zoey’s grandparents had created a shipping company and when they bit the dust, they handed the wheel down to Zoey’s father, making him the CEO of the company and when he married Zoey’s mother, they decided to run the company together. Chase Shipping is now one of the leading shipping companies out there.
Alice’s mother created a shopping website, kind of like Amazon, only better, and more well-known around the world. CherryPie.com has made the Bowman family millions. And, with Alice’s father the co- CEO of his own company- a hardware company, they’re pretty set with money as well.
And by set, I mean both families are multi-billionaires. They live in the two most exquisite mansion-styled houses in all of Houston, Texas. And probably in all of Texas, really. They’re perched on top of a large, forest-covered hill, so that the whole city can forever be watching and dreaming that they lived there and walked among the Chases and Bowmans.
When Janet, Zoey’s mother, was pregnant with Zoey, and Sue was pregnant with Alice, the families were talking about some kind of partnership between Chase Shipping and CherryPie. CherryPie selling the merchandise and Chase shipping it to the buyers.
When Zoey, the eldest of the two, was born, the three adults involved were still discussing the contract, and then a few months later Alice was born, and the contract still wasn’t signed, with a few terms they needed to work on. So as they continued to talk about the companies and their contract, Zoey and Alice were spending a lot of time together in the nursery.
And even when the contract was finally signed, six months later, they were already inseparable, even as little babies. And that’s how this sisterhood started.
So now, in 2012, they find comfort in each other. They can tell each other everything, and they do. From Zoey’s overbearing parents and stuck up older sister, to Alice’s always-gone mother and her pathetic crush on Zoey’s brother, Lance, that’s been growing since the age of twelve, when Alice’s mother failed to remember her birthday and Zoey was forced to go away on some week-long trip with her parents, Lance had baked her a cake and even though it tasted horrible, they spent the whole day laughing while Lance made it the best birthday ever for Little Alice. Alice didn’t think about her busy mother once, and she would never forget that day.
They go to a normal high school, Crest Valley High School, and it’s the closest thing to normal they have, although they don’t really talk to people there, they like to keep to themselves. With their money and unfairly perfect looks, Zoey and Alice were basically celebrities and they had no idea who was talking to them for their fame, or if they genuinely liked them, so they didn’t talk to anybody except for each other. Their trust in others has diminished over the years, in everyone except for each other.
The only way they keep their sanity is by going to parties every weekend. College parties that Lance’s friends get them into. It’s a way of releasing their pent up energy, to relax and have fun for once a week. Well, not every weekend, but most.  And they don’t always drink, either. In fact, they usually only have a beer or not even that, but there are times when they break that rule.
And maybe as you read their story, you’ll see that these girls aren’t all that they seem, and maybe there are ugly secrets behind the beautiful ones.
They say when your not looking for love it finds you. Okay! I don't know who told me this but I kinda believe it and I'm not much of a person who believes in things like this. My out look change when I met Kyliee.
It was just a typical Tuesday night. I was closing up the café where I work. I don't usually work during the weekdays but my coworker slash friend had a big date with this girl that he's been crushing on for the pass month so I gave him a break and took his night shift. I was cleaning up around the café when I notice a girl sitting outside on a bench. She had her back against the glass wall of the café. I didn't think much about it at that time, thinking that she was waiting for someone. Come on who sits in front of a close café. As I was locking up the front door I notice that she was still there.
"Oh Crap! She still here." Thinking to myself.
She didn't notice me passing by her as I made my way to my car. I glance at her seeing that she was to busy with her phone and that she might have been crying. I was two feet away from my car when I stopped and started having a conversation with myself in my head, which I do a lot not even noticing that I'm doing it. To my friends and family it just looks like I space out but to everybody else in the world it just gives them proof that I'm a weirdo.
"I just can't leave her there alone and at this hour."
"Yes you can! Cause you don't know her. What if she crazy and try to hurt you?"
"Well if she does attack me I'll use my karate skills." Putting a smirk on my face.
"Whattt! You don't know shit! So just get in your car and drive your ass home."
Shaking my head and my thoughts, I turn around and walk back toward her. When I got there I didn't know what to do or how to approach her. I didn't want to come out creepy or weird to her. So I did both, I jumped right in front of her and stood there without saying a word to her. Plus I scared her as well, which made her kick me in the leg.
"Ah!" grabbing my leg.
"What the hell!" she asked.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. I work at the café." Pointing to the café behind her. "I saw you while I was locking up and I was wondering if you needed some help." Telling her while I step back a little so she won't kick me again.
"Yeah, You know some great karate skills there buddy?" Thinking to myself and laughing to the stupid things I say.
She looked at me and said, "I'm sorry I kicked you but you shouldn't just jump in front of people who aren't paying attention."
"Yeah, Sorry not my best moment there. Let me just rewind."
I took a couple of steps back away from her. She kept her eyes on me and gave me a weird look in the process. I bet you she's thinking we have are self a weirdo. I approach her again but this time I said, "Hi, I'm Kristine but everyone calls me Kris, I work at the café and I was wondering if you needed some help."
She gave me a quick smile and said, "No, I'm fine."
I wasn't really buying it and I didn't want to leave her alone so I sat next to her.
She turns her head towards me and said, "Okay! Do you just come up to people and sit next to them? Is that your thing?" she asked.
"Yes, if they're pretty like you."
She blushed and said, "Whatever." As she look at her phone again.
I still didn't know her name or why she was here but I did notice that she's beautiful and sexy. She had long light blond hair. Her eyes were hazels and when you look into them I bet you would get lost in them. She had a body type of an athletic. Even though she was sitting I could tell that she was a lot taller than me and she has abs underneath her hoodie that she was wearing and also she had long arms. I bet you a plays a sport and that she pretty good at it.
"So are you going to tell me your name or do I have to guess?" I tell her.
Before she could say anything a car pulled up and a girl almost the same age as her called out to her.
As she stood up from the bench she said, "Thanks for caring and I'll see you around."
I gave her a smile as she walked away. I stood up watching her get into the car and drove away from the café.
" so the little nerds got an attitude," says the schools bad boy Luke parker." i dont have time for this right now, just leave me alone" i said trying to slip past Luke and his group of friends"Now why would i do that now sweetheart?" he asked, a huge smirk plastered onto his face. "Parker! get your ass over here and start the drills!" Luke's football coach yells signaling him to leave. i take this time to get past him, When i was almost to my car i heard Luke yell, "This isnt over nerd!" and walked off towards the football field.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Emily Bryan isn't the most popular or well known person at Westfield High, shes the nerd, the one who never gets noticed, and never fails.Luke Parker; hes the badboy, the player, the one that every girl wants because he looks like a god, and he knows it. He's your typical bad boy.What happens when these two opposites collide? Love? Hatred? Brokenhearts? Join Emily as she starts Running Into the Badboy.
///////////////////////////////////AN// hey guys! This is my first book and I'm gonna make this clear now, everything in this book are my ideas and are not stolen from any other book. These characters are completely made up along with all of the locations. Also don't mind the spelling mistakes:) Also please don't be afraid to send me cover ideas, they are greatly appreciated! Send them to my gmail: mariannatiell@gmail.com
"You were sick, but now you're well again, and there's work to do." 
 -Kurt Vonnegut, Timequake
Hello there dear Dreamers :)
If you're reading this, it means you decided to give My Celebrity Housemate a chance. Thank you for finding interest in this story, your reads and support will always be appreciated.
As you may have been aware, this story was written five years ago by the dreamy fourteen year-old me, who had wild (like, WILD) fantasies that I realize now, often don't make sense xD I'm aware that there are errors in terms of writing as well as exaggerated scenes that may have left room for plot holes, I apologize in advance for that!
I have the option to rewrite or retouch it, however, this message is to basically announce that I have decided against doing so, mainly because this was a story I genuinely enjoyed writing back then, and rewriting it would change its tone and might even alter the story line, especially the characters. I'd like to respect my fourteen year-old dreams and fantasy, although I have to admit, can be extremely crazy, but that was the fun of it!
Thanks for reading this, I hope you'll be able to enjoy the story as much as my younger self did when it was a work in progress ;)
Lots of love and happy reading!

With love,
imperfectdreamer.



Tears In The Rain - The Weeknd
Adriana's POV
Dicen que para que cambies tu personalidad, tus ideales, tu manera de ver la vida y todo en lo que creías debe suceder algo en tu vida que te orille a aquello.
Para mí aquellas palabras están llenas de verdad. No siempre fui de esta manera, no siempre fui esta persona fría llena de rencor y mentiras.
Pero es lo que soy ahora y por más que trate dudo que pueda cambiar.
Como todos los días y desde hace casi seis años estoy en mi librería favorita escribiendo. La verdad es que escribir no es algo que se me dé muy bien, pero nadie lee lo que coloco cada día sobre una hoja de papel. Para mi escribir es una forma de escapar, de dejar salir lo que siento así que sinceramente me importa muy poco si lo hago bien o mal.Este pequeño pasatiempo se ha convertido en una costumbre la misma que consiste en levantarme temprano, ordenar un café bien cargado y sentarme a escribir en aquella pequeña librería.
"Puntual como siempre" me saluda Eva, la dueña de la librería. Eva tiene 55 años y tiene la familia perfecta a mi manera de ver, dos hijos que ya van a la Universidad, un amor de esos de película romántica y creo que cualquier persona tendría envidia de la familia que tiene. 
Pero Eva es una mujer increíble, sencilla y con un corazón enorme, desde el primer día que llegue a este lugar llorando es ella quien sin esperar que le cuente que me sucede me da ánimos para seguir adelante y fue precisamente ella quien me recomendó comenzar a escribir.
"Bueno, ya sabes como soy" le sonreí y me senté en la parte de atrás de la librería.
Era un lugar acogedor, varios anaqueles llenos de libros eran su mejor decoración, las paredes llenas de frases de los mejores libros le daban un toque colorido el cual adoraba y claro cada frase había sido cuidadosamente elegida por Eva. 
En la parte de atrás existían varios sillones en los que los clientes podían acomodarse a leer y disfrutar de una buena taza de café.
Pero yo no iba allí a leer, yo iba allí a tratar de desenredar mi mente, a tratar de dejar que pensar demasiado en las cosas malas que podía hacer. Odiaba pensar demasiado por lo que era mejor escribir lo que sentía.
Pero para muchos yo ni siquiera sentía. Para todos era la jefa de diseño de la empresa de publicidad más reconocida de la ciudad. La mujer de negocios. La mujer fría y distante. Era Adriana Macías la chica que dejo su ingenuidad, su inseguridad y sus sueños para alcanzar el éxito a los 25 años. La chica que simplemente no era feliz y tenia miedo a serlo. 
La alarma de mi celular sonó mientras yo seguía concentrada escribiendo en el viejo diario color negro en el que no hacía más que plasmar todas y cada una de mis ideas. Desde hace años escribir me ayudaba a dejar de pensar en cosas sin sentido ¿Cómo cuáles? Mi vida.
"Adiós Eva, nos vemos mañana debo ir a trabajar"
"Cuídate mi niña" me abrazó "Ya sabes lo que siempre te digo...no pienses demasiado"
"Tratare de hacerlo" le sonreí. 
Eran casi las ocho de la mañana y la gente corría de un lugar al otro intentando llegar a tiempo. El metro y los buses a aquella hora era una completa locura.
Entre a mi auto y conduje despacio hacia mi oficina. Trabajaba para una compañía de publicidad bastante reconocida en la ciudad, los diseñadores nos encargábamos de todo lo referente a la creatividad y claro yo estaba a cargo. 
My school is bursting with huge egotistical dancers. Not all dancers have huge egos but I swear everyone here does and that's not even the worst part. 
Grace Mae Andrews just moved to this new school, with a new identity and a new name. At this new school everyone dances, EVERYONE. You are judged by how good of a dancer you are and what title you come out with in all the competitions you enter. So when Grace's alter ego Mae Perrin tells them that dancing is not her thing, everyone flips. She's at the bottom of the school social scale with little to no friends.
The thing is she does dance, Grace Andrews is miss nationals soloist but she doesn't want people to treat her special because of that. With a new haircut and a hope that moving schools will keep her away from all the judging, she wants to earn her place. Get to the top and change things at this new school. But hiding one of your favorite things is almost impossible. Grace uses dance as an outlet. She puts all of her emotions in her dancing. So when someone finds out her secret she is scared. Will this person tell or will they strike up a deal?



Chloe Michelle's  POV
KRRIIIIIING!!!!
KRIIIIING!!!
UGH! this fuckin' alarm! Who the hell set this?! Kinuha ko ito at binato kahit saan,bahala na kung saan tumama i don't even care!
But still! May tumutunog!i open my eyes,and...shit!
"What the fuck Terrence!! Get out in my room!!" I yelled.
"Nah-uh sweety,you need to get up,and went down because mom,and dad have to say something get it?" I rolled my eye. His acting like a gay yuck!
"Okay! So get out now before i can dragged you out of my room!" The he run out of my room. That boy!
When i finish i go down para malaman ko na kung ano ang sasabihin nila. 
"Goodmorning sweetheart"
"Morning" umupo na ako sa pwesto ko and i saw my cousin smiling.  Oh! Whats with him?
"First...you need to eat first" i nod and eat,tapos na silang kumain kanina lang it's already 8:30 in the morning.
"Don't be shocked Chloe okay?" I nod at them. 
"You and Terrence will going back to the Philippines, and you two will staying to the mansion." My eyes get widen.  What.!
"You mean...what the hell!? Why!?" Shocked. Im shocked, alam naman nila na i don't want to comeback to the Philippines. 
"I'm sorry chloe,but,our decision is final. No buts,may kailangan lang kayong asekasuhin sa pilipinas." Tito said.
"I don't have a choice,then fine. Kailan ba?" Ako. Nakita ko namang nagtatatalon ang pinsan ko. Putek! Sarap nyang ipakain sa leon.
"Tomorrow, we need to go now. Rence,pack your things now. Dahil mauuna ka kay chloe and your flight is tonight seven pm." Mas lumapad pa ang ngiti ng gago. Inirapan ko lang ito at tumayo na.
"Hey chloe sweety,aren't you happy that we're going back to the Philippines? " i stop walking. I face him with my blank stare.
"I.am.not! You know what happened 3years ago right?! "I answer him. 
"That was a long time ago sweety,i thought naka move-on kana! Don't tell me hindi pa" i rolled my eyes.
"Of course i did! But... what if---"he cut me off. Then it hits me.
"What if mag kita kayou ulit? Im handsome sure naka move on na yun, you know that it's just a bet for him right? So stop acting like an idiot! He can't go near to you, try to go near to you and I'll rip his neck!" Aish! Anak naman ng pagong pinaalala pa talaga!? Aargh!
"Isa pa panget mo kase kaya ka napaglaruan eh" i glared ,shit him! I am beautiful not ugly like him!
"Shut up or i shut that mouth forever!" Nag peace sign lang sya at kumaway.
Tsk,bahala na! I have my own way ---aish shit! Mag nenerdy look nanaman pala ako nito! Ugh! I hate this! 
------------------------------------------------------------------at the Airport-------------
Nakatingin sa akin ang mga tao dito,ngayon lang ba sila nakakita ng dyosang gaya ko? Tsk!
"There you are!" I look back when i heard a familiar voice.
"Woah, kuya Tyler! I've miss you so much!" Then i hug him,he is terrence older brother,his 22 years old and terrence is 19 and also me im 19. 
" i miss you too babe!" Ehehehe. Sanay na akong tinatawag nyang ganyan,since we we're kids he calls me like that. So nasanay na ako. 
"So kumusta ka kuya ty? " he smiled before answering my question. 
"Im fine babe,how about you? Terrence told me that you don't want to go home here in Philippine " tsk,daldal talaga ng lalaking yun.
"Tss,im okay,lets go home i want to sleep" he just nod and pat my head. I really missed him,i treat him like my brother,i have a brother but...he was dead. 
Ng makasakay ako sa kotse ay pumikit nalang ako.
But i can't sleep,kahit na anong gawin ko ay di ko magawang makatulog. 
"How are they,babe?" I look at him,baka manosebleed ako nito,pahdating kasi sa kanila palagi silang naka English kaya ito nahahawa ako kakaenglish.
"They're fine,ano ba kasing gagawin namin dito sa pilipinas?" I ask him.
"Terrence will the one who handle the university and for  you.... i think its time for na magpakita ulit sa kanila,they really miss you, babe" i missed them too  
"Hmmn..nandito naman na ako sa pilipinas so i have no choice, but to face them." Saad ko sa kanya na ikinangiti naman nya.
"That's my girl." Tumingin nalang ako sa labas ng bintana,and hours past ay dumating na kami sa   mansion. 
Walang pinagbago at malinis parin,maraming nakakalat na guards,and sa loob...alam ko na kung anong meron sa loob. I saw our butlers na nakatayo sa gilid ng malaking pinto.
Hindi ko rin maitatanggi na namiss ko ang pilipinas pero,bumabalik din ang mga alaala na masasakit ng aking nakaraan. Dito sa pilipinas nawala ang aking mga mahal sa buhay,ang aking mga magulang at ang aking kapatid. 
Now I'm here in Philippine ,I'm going to find you  , and make their life miserable!  And I'll make sure they will suffer,and beg to me to spare their life! Im a devil,oh..scratch that,im more than a devil to a devil. More than to a demon. 
"Yaaaah!!sweetie!!  You're here!i thought --" i cut him off.
"Shut up! You're acting like a gay!" I glare at him.
"Ay!! Ito naman,init ng ulo may juice dun sweetie" sabay turo sa daan papuntang kusina.aish!
Hindi ko nalang sya pinansin at direstsong naglakad papuntang hagdan,pero bago pa ako maka tapak sa hagdanan ay nagsalita pa si kuya Tyler.
"Papasok na kayo ngayong lunes sa University." at umakyat na ako ng tuluyan. I want to rest.
I don't know what to do kung papasok na ako sa university, sure akong maraming bubuyog na magliliparan. Tsk,maraming bulong bulongan nanaman. 
My name is Shelly Holmes  and I'm think I'm the most miserable and pathetic person on earth. I'm bullied by the school's bad boy Angelo Reyes. Who also hates my guts.
I pulled  in the car with Callie, my foster parent. Cigarette in mouth I stepped out of the car. 
So this is my new house. Can't say I'm that impressed. I'll be out of here in two months anyway. 
I slammed the door shut harshly and grabbed my suitcase. I  dropped my cigarette and stepped on it. The dirt moved around my old shoes. 
My hair flying wild in the wind as I walk inside behind Callie. Blank expression held my features.
"So your room is upstairs on the left and-" she started before she could finish though I walked upstairs. I don't really care for what she was going to say. It doesn't matter anyways. 
When I walked into my room I saw a bed with black and white sheets. White furniture and peach walls. It's way to girly for me. But I can survive, everyone leaves me at some point anyways.
Callie walked in. She is obviously trying to hard to "connect" with me, as they always do. But the truth is that they're all liars and show their true colors one way or another. 
"So I heard you like to paint" she said leaning on the white doorway.
I nodded barely hearing her through my own thoughts. 
"I bought you some paints. You can paint on the walls" she gave me a small hopeful smile. Fake.
"Thanks" I muttered barley audible. My hope had died long ago. I wasn't going to give her a chance.
"Ok well I be downstairs if you need me" she sighed walking away. Giving up on me for now. 
I sat down on my bed and sighed. California stinks. I know what your thinking. What about Hollywood? Yeah well I'm in the country part. My fosters live on a farm. It's not all Hollywood glamor here. 
I ran my hands threw my hair then stood up. I started to unpack which didn't take long, as I don't have a lot. I then grabbed the paints from my dresser and painted on my wall. 
Painting has always just been a comfort zone for me I guess. Something that can't leave me. It's the only good thing about me. The only reason why most fosters choose me is because on my portfolio says 'artistic talent'.
When I stepped back and looked I saw the best thing that I've made. In a long time. 
I had painted the only boy I've ever let close to my heart. It was the night before he died. I loved Dylan so much. I stared at the painting. I don't cry.  All I could do is stare at the painting. I miss him.
The door opened and turned and was ready for a fight. It never came though as Callie was at the door. I relaxed as I realized it was only her. I took a breath, she should learn to knock. 
"So- oh wow" she said looking at the painting I made. 
"Lexi this is amazing." She said in astonishment
"Thanks" I said not really interested in her opinion. It doesn't matter to me. She doesn't know me. 
"Anyways I thought maybe you would want to look around the town." She offered trying once again to make me like her in someway.
"Sure" I replied and kept my face steady. She smiled at me and I gave her a blank face.
"When your ready you can take the second car" she said after a few seconds then left
I picked out clothes and left my dark hair to flow. I look in the mirror meeting my eyes. I'm not the same person I used to be after Dylan's death. The dark circles under my eyes from no sleep never disapeared. I don't smile now. There is no reason too. My cheeks were never as bright anymore. My eyes always dim now.
I forced a smile onto my face. It felt strange because it's been so long. I tried to make it real, think about something happy but even then it looked to fake. Wrong.
Displeased, the smile left my face fast.
But you know it's just the same with these foster parents. They act all sweet and kind and they want to take you in. But when you do one bad thing like get a tattoo or a piercing of dye my hair. Or maybe go to jail your a thug. They hate you and you are gone and out of their lives as if you never existed. 
I walked down stairs and took the keys. I got into the car and drove off into town. 
When I came back I found out that there was a wear house that did fights every Tuesday and Saturday. 
When I got back I another a cigarette and walked around the field. There was horses and cows as you would imagine on any farm. It was pretty. Somehow the sun seemed to make a warmer tone of sunlight. It grazed over the acres.
As I walked further I saw an old barn. Inside was an old pickup truck that didn't seem to work and a collection of surfboards. I looked at the surfboards then my eyes averted to the truck. 
An old 2007 red pickup. I rolled up sleeves and opened the engine. I looked through it. It's blown. I checked the tires and three were flat. The whole thing was covered in rust and dust. I opened the door and the steering wheel is missing and the brakes don't work. Some of the mechanics under the car are broken too. And there's a dent in the side. 
I need something to do anyways. 
Sitting on the couch watching Johnny Bravo reruns was not my intentions. But even that was better than doing my 30 problem math homework. Sheesh. The thought alone brought goosebumps. In all seriousness though, did anybody ever notice how much of a pedophile this guy was? Good thing all the women in that show must have taken some serious lessons on how to kick some pedophile a$$. Why don't I take Kung Fu lessons? I could become a major threat. I would surely beat the hell out of all the little kids and take there lunch money. I wasn't a bully, but why not gain power? I could rule the world..."Alex!" My mom called me, using my nickname, running down the stairs like some chipper teen. "I need to ask you a favor. But I'm your mom so you can't say no." My mom said standing right in front of the t.v."Yeah sure." I said half uncaring looking between her legs pretending she was made of glass. "Hey mom? Can I become a Kung Fu warrior?" She laughed. Go figure. "Okay, I need you to come over to my new friend's house. I met her at the grocery store and you won't believe that she lives right down the street." She walked away to go grab her purse and shoes. "Alright, fine. But I ain't gonna change." I called to her looking down at my jeans and sweatshirt. My curls were jumbled in a bun on top of my head. I didn't look bad, just comfortable. "Kay, let's go." My mom walked through the door closing it as if I wasn't going with her. Part of me thought about just sitting back down, but the bigger part new better. We arrived in like a minute, and I questioned the reason my mom drove to the house. We could have walked and made it in just 5 minutes. My mom rang the doorbell and out came a thin tall lady with wavy dark hair that opposed my mom's thin blonde hair. "Amanda!" The lady called my mom."Brenda!" My mom squealed back and they hugged each other."Alexa!" I chirped and wrapped my arms around myself. They broke their hug laughing and I was formerly introduced to the lady. The inside of her house was really nice and clean. It was the same size as our house, but her's had glass sculptures and knick-knacks all in special places. I sat down on the one couch playing skyburger on my phone while they spoke to one  another. I was bored, but I guess it was basically the same idea as being home. "Oh Alexa. If you want, my son has an xbot and playstation downstairs with games. You are more than welcome to go down there and play." I laughed lightly to myself at how she mistaked an xbox for an xbot. "Sure that would be great." I smiled honestly ready to actually do something. I wasn't too big with game systems, but I still played every now and again with some friends.
The basement of her house was the epitome of man caves. there was a huge flat screen, two couches, multiple games and movies, a mini fridge, and a pool table. "Woah. This is nice!" I said to myself and made my way to the fridge. I grabbed a Dr.Pepper and grabbed some race car game plopping it into the xbox and began to play with the wireless controler. I was still in shock with how much money these people apparently had to spend. "I'm way to fast for you, cars! I'm gonna get in first place this time, and com4 you better stay behind me, eating my dust!" I yelled to the television standing up and turning my body with the curves of the road. "NO! Don't crash!" I yelled at myself when a turn was too sharp, and my speed too fast. "Dammit com4! You cheap bastard!" I wailed and tossed the controller on the couch. That game was stupid. "Enjoying yourself I see." A male voice said from behind me and I couldn't help but let out a scream. I turned around to see a boy sitting on the other couch. How long had he been there? And then when his expressionless face turned up in a smirk, I almost shat bricks right there. I don't know why I hadn't noticed his thick dark brown hair that sat ruffled on top of his head, or his piercing forest green eyes that could only belong to Clyde Wood. The Clyde Wood. That heartless jerk that made more girls cry with him than seeing The Notebook. How many times I'd walk into class to see some chick crying to her friends. And although I hadn't known any details, one thing remained the same. Clyde Wood is a heartless, playing, jerk. And I was in his house. "Just gonna stare at me?" He laughed and stood up. "You seemed to be a lot more social when you were talking to my t.v." He walked over and shut down the system, placing the disc back in its case. "I know who you are. You're Clyde Wood." I said, sounding almost like an obsessed fan. "I am. And your Alexa something. That quiet girl in a few of my classes." He replied not looking at me."I'm  not quiet, I just wouldn't talk to jerks like you." I said, completely forgetting who I was talking to. "Oh I'm a jerk?" He said, sounding amazed at this, "Well look here," He got right up close to my face, "You spend way too much time believing what you hear, and I won't let you insult me in my own house." His voice was so calm he sounded almost happy to be a douche. I could feel the cold sweat run down my spine. He laughed again which caused me to move back a bit, breaking free from my trance. "You're just a b!&%# anyways." He sat down on the couch I was previously by and looked at me. Of course the one thing I hated about myself started to kick in and I could feel the tears sting the back of my eyes. The b-word was definitely hurtful. "Aww, are you gonna cry?" He fake sympathized. Knowing if I said something else, I wouldn't be able to hold back from crying, I turned around, and as calmy as I could muster up, I walked upstairs. I didn't even bother look at my mom and her friend as I made my way to the front door. I just left. And once out of the house, the tears streamed down my face. Why couldn't I just control when I cried? Then I would tell people to go ahead and mess with me, I would just say something back and laugh with no tears or pain. They would be the ones crying. But that was just a wish. What was real was that I had only spoke to Clyde Wood for about 3 minutes, and he already had me in tears.
Hi guys :D Blair here. This is something new that I wanted to try and I'm just posting a blurb. The first chapter will be posted once I'm sure that people are interested. I need feedback and loads of it, anything at all to improve my writing :) 
Oh and I dedicate this to the absolutely wonderful roiskate who I think is the best writer on Wattpad <3 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Please dont let him pick me, please dont let him pick me.' I chanted as I prayed to the gods in the heavens above.
Everyone in the hall was quiet; the silence was  deafening and at this moment  I would have given anything to be out of there. 
As if he'd heard what I'd been thinking , Chris's  gaze dropped on me and I couldnt find it in me to look away. I had seen those very eyes and  had been mesmerized by them so many times that I could tell exactly how he was feeling as he looked at me.
Betrayal. Anger. Hatred. Pain. All these emotions flashed across his eyes as he continued to watch me. I knew that as his studied me, he was making up his mind. I knew that a part of him was dying to undo his tie and run his hand through his hair but he couldnt give up the facade of composure. He wanted to show me that he could be strong.
Well he was doing a pretty good job of it, I thought. I was a nervous wreck and it felt like the walls of the auditorium were closing in on me. There were rows and rows of people behind me but somehow it felt like it was only Christopher and I were in the room, the two of us fighting it out to see who would crumble first. I couldnt give up, not right now. I was so close to what I wanted that I couldnt allow a moment of weakness to take all of that away from me.
I felt someone squeeze my hand and I looked with gratitude at Max, who was just as worried as I was, though he was handling it  better than I was. It had been Max who'd given me the strength for months to hurt Chris and make him hate me. I wanted him to hate me just as much as he had once loved me and just as much as I loved him in this moment.
I think I had probably succeeded in doing that. 
-----  Two Weeks  Earlier-----
"How could you do that to me?" Chris all but yelled and I winced at the tone of his voice. He'd never been mad at me before and even if he had, he'd never really expressed it. 
Tears stung my eyes as I was reminded of how much I had hurt this boy. I pushed all feelings of guilt aside and took a deep breath. This had to be done right. I couldnt afford to go weak, now was just not the time.
"I cant believe you're being so immature about this Chris! It was just a kiss."
"Just a kiss? Christ, what the hell is that supposed to mean?" He looked at me like I was delusional.
"It means that I was drunk and it happened. It meant nothing to either of us so you just need to get over it." I rolled my eyes purposely, knowing that my carefree attitude would just hurt him more.
"It just wasnt one drunken kiss Summer and you know that. You've been flirting with Max for ages and I've let it pass because I thought that maybe you'd eventually get over it but I can see now that it's not going to happen." His voice was thick with pain and I knew he was having trouble speaking, something which only happened when he was hurt.
"Oh please it's not my fault that you're a paranoid and over possessive jerk. Max and I are friends okay? There's no need to blow this out of proportion."
"Do you hear yourself?" He let out an exasperate sigh. I knew he felt confused, he probably couldnt figure out what he'd done to derserve this. I wished I could make this better for him. I wished I could run into his arms and kiss his problem away but what tore me apart was knowing I couldnt do that.
"Let's go, hustle!" Mrs. Lopez yelled at my teammates and I. Mrs. Lopez is the assistant coach. But be Trynna work us to death like she the coach instead of the assistant. I picked up my pace as we jogged around the track for the 4th time. Suddenly I heard a whistle blow, causing all of us to stop running. 
"Lee, coach wants to see you inside the gym." Mrs. Lopez announced. 
Everybody started looking at me and whispering. Like I was in trouble or something. I know I didn't do anything wrong, so what the fuck does she want with me? I walked off the track and began to catch my breath as I headed towards the gym doors. When I walked inside, Coach Daniels sat on the bleachers looking pissed as fuck. What the fuck did I do? 
"Coach, you wanted to see me?" I asked trying to hide the nervousness in my voice. 
"Did you walk out during your physical the other day?" She asked with a bit of an attitude in her voice. 
"Yeah, but I had to do something." I lied. Truthfully, the damn doctor was annoying the shit out of me. Kept asking me all these goofy ass questions, smiling and giggling too damn much, like the fuck you so excited for? Cause I don't even want you touching me, I don't want a conversation, and I don't want to be friends. Just check me, and let me know if anythings wrong then let me go the fuck home. So soon as she got what she needed, I got the fuck on. I wasn't Finna wait for shit. I've been meaning to call up there and see if everything was good with me. Shit she probably been calling me, but I got it bad not answering my phone now. 
"Well, she got in touch with me. And let me know that you don't need to be playing this year." Coach Daniels said
My eyes widened. The fuck did that bitch tell her? Why did she even call her about me? 
"Coach, why? I been through too much to just turn around and not play. Do you know what it took to get down here? You don't--" 
"You seriously don't know, Do you?" Coach Daniels said with an odd look on her face. 
"Know what?" I asked confusingly. 
"You're pregnant, Ms. Lee."
I started laughing, this had to be a joke. Me? Pregnant? But Coach Daniels face remained straight. 
"There's gotta be some sort of mistake. I've been feeling fine. No puking, no weight gain, none of that." I laughed. 
"What about your period?" 
"I mean I haven't had it yet, bu--" 
"Been sleepy?" Coach Daniels interrupted. 
"Yeah, cause y'all be working me like ima dog." I said. 
"Ms. Lee, I don't know how busy you've been. But I know what the doctor told me, whom is a good friend of mine. And she said from what you told her, she calculated that you're late for your period. And if you don't remember, you did take a pregnancy test when you told her you've been sexually active. That came back postive."
"Nah, she's made some sort of mistake. I'm tellin' you coach, I'm not pregnant." I said. 
"No I'm telling you Adrian, you are pregnant." She had to be serious, calling me by my first name and shit. "Adrian I'm sorry to tell you this but, you are no longer eligible to play for us this year. But there's a high possibility you won't be able to play at all." Coach Daniels said. 
"I'm just glad she knew you were one of my players and called me. Adrian be sure to go get yourself checked out, make sure your baby is healthy."
"I can't believe this shit." I said aloud, instead of in my head. "This can't be happening." I shook my head in disbelief. 
Copyright 2012  Shelly Crane                    All rights reserved
This publication is protected under the US Copyright Act of 1976 and all other applicable international, federal, state and local laws, and all rights are reserved, including resale rights: you are not allowed to give or sell this book to anyone else.
One
            I waited for this day, for this one thing to complete me. To wrap up seventeen and three quarter years of my life and set a pretty bow on it in the form of a graduation cap. I waited for this one sheet of paper to tell me that I had done something right.
          I sat in my assigned seat, along with my classmates, in alphabetical order in front of the gym. The ones up front were in order by achievements, their faces lit with the relief of scholarships and graduation parties with gifts and family and friends...and getting out of this town.
          I was numb. I had waited for this moment, but now, I didn’t feel good inside. I didn’t feel complete, didn’t feel achieved. I felt like I’d slid by and barely made it, which was exactly what I’d done. I despised school. I was in the early release program for students who work after school, so we got out at 1:00 instead of 3:00 like everyone else. I was barely here and when I was I didn’t want to be.
          I know I sound bitter. Believe me, I know. But I was seventeen, graduating a year early, and on the fast track to being valedictorian or whatever else, but things happened to me that I just couldn’t handle. And so, there I was, sullen, slightly unhappy and skidding by.
          The ‘things’ I speak of, well, number one was that my mom left. She was an upstanding, stay at home mom, PTA loving, frugal grocery shopping, coupon clipping guru of the community. And she just left us, just like that. She decided out of nowhere that my dad had been holding her back all these years. She didn’t love him and she needed time to start a new life, without me there to pester her. So she did.
          She moved to California along with every cent in my dad’s checking account and the one supposed to be for my college fund. I wanted to laugh at the Cali cliché, but I guess it didn’t suit her for long. She moved somewhere else, but I refused to speak to her anymore when she called. All she ever talked about was how sorry she was, that she just couldn’t do it anymore, that she was happy now, that I didn’t know what it was like to live with my dad. Yeah right. I’d counter that I was the only one still living with him and she’d hang up.
          I was sure her newest boyfriend, who was ten years younger than her, could console her.   
          So here we are, present day, graduation day. I was waiting patiently for the m’s to roll around so I could grab my diploma and hear the one person that’ll be in the stands clap for me, my dad.
          I glanced up in front of me to see Kyle looking back. He smiled. “You look like you’re in your own little world back there. You ok?”
          “Yeah, I’m just ready to be done with this.”
          He turned more fully in his chair, putting his arms on the back of it. “Come on. It’s graduation day. Shouldn’t you be happy?” he reasoned. I just shrugged. “You wanna do something tonight? My parents are throwing this lousy party for me, but I’m looking for an excuse to leave early.”
          “I don’t want to be your excuse, Kyle.”
          He paled, his brow bunched together. “Ah, Mags, I didn’t mean it like that.” He sighed. “My party is from five to seven.  I’ll have plenty of time to do something with you, I just didn’t want it to seem so much like a date, you know,” he explained and looked at me bashfully. “In case you said no, again.”
Hi guys! I wasn't supposed to be posting this yet (or writing it, really, since it's technically a NaNo project, but I just couldn't resist). If you're a regular user of ask.fm, you probably know of my disastrous experience working as a camp counsellor in Canada this summer (I lasted a week, but I did end up getting to visit Wattpad HQ, which was really cool). The whole experience definitely got inspiration flowing and while staying in Toronto, the first plan of this story came into my head. I'll stop rambling now and let you read the story.

"When the hand goes up..."
            "The mouth goes shut!"
            Outside the dining hall, one hundred small voices echoed across the group, with all the expected enthusiasm of kids who'd been told it was not only allowed, but encouraged, for them to yell this at the top of their voices. Enclosed on all sides by miles of dense forest, a group of eight-to-ten year olds like those here were not about to pass up any opportunity to be loud and get away with it, which was probably one of the reasons camp held so much appeal for them.
            In theory, the routine seemed like a genius way to get such a large group of campers falling quiet upon command; give them an excuse to shout for a moment, and maybe they'd get it out of their system. And yet it appeared the inventor had not designed as such with the kids of Camp Raukawee in mind; surveying the group, I noted no more than three mouths that had actually shut.
            One that remained very much open, and in fact only to have been spurred on by the chorus to yell louder, belonged to the kid stood at the front of my line. Incidentally, it was also the one I would've paid the most to close for a couple of hours.
            Upon first glance, Tasha seemed like a sweet enough kid, but she also happened to be the living embodiment of looks being deceiving. Rosy cheeks and big blue eyes were a lot less cute when twisted into the look of sour irritation I was so often faced with: one that was less associated with a general bad temper, and more a personal vendetta against me.
            In fact, from the moment she'd been ushered into my care, Natasha Lee had deemed her counselor responsible for everything at camp that didn't go her way. When she had to climb down the rock wall to give somebody else a turn, it was my fault. When refused a second cookie at snack time, that was my doing. And when her incessant talking made us last into the dining hall for meals, I was definitely to blame.
            "When are we going in?"
            I'd listened to her whine for almost a week straight now, and the immediate urge was to scream, but I forced myself to smile. "Soon. The quicker you guys be quiet, the quicker you'll get to eat!"
            "It doesn't work like that," she protested, though she'd hardly stopped to try it out. "They always let our cabin in last. It's not fair."
            Part of me considered explaining how that was entirely her doing, but I had learned that arguing with Tasha came at the expense of a lot of mental strength, and I didn't have a whole lot to spare. So, instead, I put a finger to my lips and turned back around.
            Besides, she had it all wrong; if anybody was receiving unfair treatment at Camp Raukawee, it was certainly not any of the kids. Amongst everything, nobody spared a thought for the staff, who got the short end of the stick at every opportunity. We were the ones who had to watch the kids chow down on their fourth hot dog at cookouts, leaving us to go hungry. We had to wake up at the crack of dawn and drag ten uncooperative kids from their bunks, only to be greeted with a collection of sour moods.
Chapter One: Locker Jam
Ugh, would you please just open? 
I continue to relentlessly tug on the handle of my locker with my right hand while holding my lock in the other. I sigh, relaxing my muscles before trying again. The morning chatter of everyone else in the hallway flitters past my ears seeing as the only thing I'm focused on is the stubborn blue locker in front of me. 
You would think that it being four weeks into the school year, the humidity would have less of an effect on the metal hinges, but no. The metal is still rigid. 
Another frustrated breath escapes me and I let go of the locker for a second only to run a frustrated hand through my hair. I pass a quick glance around at my oblivious peers for a second before hastily slamming my fist against the metal, giving the locker a feeble attempt at a punch. However just a quick as my knuckles make contact, I retract my hand wincing. Not my best idea, I admit, but it's not like last year when I had a bottom locker and could just kick it open when it was being stubborn with the solid protection of my shoe.
I flex my fingers a few times, relieving the pain from my knuckles before gripping onto the handle again. Okay, Max, you can do this.
I suck in a sharp breath before yanking on the locker with all my might. A rusty screech resounds throughout the hallway as it abruptly pops open and I stumble back from the impact into someone's path. 
"Sorry," I squeak in an apology, but the person just sidesteps around me without any acknowledgment. I turn back to my open locker relieved to finally see the home made wooden shelf that separates my note books and binders. Reaching down, I open up the flap of my faded army green messenger bag and pull out my brown bag lunch. I place it on the top shelf by my notebooks before grabbing the binder I need for first period. I think for a second, making sure I'm not forgetting anything before reaching for my lock. Then glancing to my left I pick up on the conversation some girls are having behind me. 
Cue the fans. 
A blast of wind blows, throwing open the doors of the side entrance all the way at the other end of the hall.
Angle the spotlights. 
The creaking of the lights sound as they're turned to face the end of the hallway.
Dim the chatter. 
Simultaneously everyone's voice dials down to low whisper. 
Cue the one slow motion footstep. 
"Ooh! Here they come!" Some random girl squeaks before two shadows, one taller and one shorter, fill the space in between the door frame and begin scrolling down the hallway. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, the Cassidy boys. 
The talking increases again as greetings are thrown at them from all different directions. People stop what they're doing and turn to gawk as they pass mouths agape and wide eyed. 
The one walking on the left is Xavier Cassidy. 
He's the older of the two, giving him the extra few inches in height. He walks at an easy pace, almost effortlessly carrying his somewhat lanky form, but at the same time he seems to be a little brooding. His expression always appears to be somewhat of a scowl, his lips clamped shut and his jaw tense. But even with that hard expression there's no denying why all the girls like him. His jaw may be tense, but that only makes it appear more chiseled. He also has high defined cheekbones with a nose that, to me, appears to be just a tad crooked, and tousled dark brown hair that is always disarrayed in every which way on the top of his head. Now to me though, the one thing that turns me away and always keeps me from looking too long are his eyes. They are dark brown, almost black from a distance, and with that natural tense expression of his, I feel that if his eyes where to land on me, they'd sear right through me. Burn me until I was nothing but a pile of ashes. However the one thing that makes up for his intimidating persona is on that rare occasion when he grins. Over the years he's perfected that signature grin of his, where the left side of his mouth tips up, revealing all his perfectly straight white teeth. But most of the time it's paired up with some arrogant remark, so its value depreciates. 
Hate is a strong word they say, but that describes my feelings accurately towards him.
______________________________________________________
Unfortunately Summer break had come to an end which meant school. But luckily this was my last year of high school and I would never have to deal with him again.
You're probably wondering who he is, well his name is Christian Hudson and boy is he a pain in the ass. He thinks he owns the school, being the captain of the football team and with the popularity off the scale. 
Don't ever be fooled by his good looks because he has the most cockiest personality and I can't stand it. Let's just say we don't like each other and don't get along. At all.
______________________________________________________
Walking up to my locker in the corridor on a Monday morning, I internally cringe as I hear the morning announcements. "Good morning and welcome back students! I hope you're all excited for this year as much as I am!" Spoke old Mrs Turner, the school's secretary. 
I felt sorry for her; she lost her husband seven years ago and comes to work everyday with a big smile on her face. I admired how she kept herself so strong and enthusiastic, but the truth is, all the students couldn't care less. I made sure that I would say hello to her today.
I opened my locker that I've had for three years and it was just how I left it. I emptied some of the books from my bag and into my locker then closed it. I literally had weight lifted off my shoulders.
"Ellie hey!" Walked over a girl named Brielle with a big smile.
"How was your Summer? I missed you so much girl!" Brielle said as she twirled her newly dyed blonde hair.
Please don't say you missed me, because we both know you didn't. We would have hung out, but we didn't, so don't go telling me so.
"Great, how was yours?" I tried enthusiasm, but it didn't reach as high as Brielle's.
"Amazing." I wanted to slap that fake smile off her face, but instead I politely said "New hair?"
"Yes, I felt like I could do with a change. You like it?" She twisted her hair around.
No I don't like you hair, it was fine natural. Please go away now.
"Yeah, it suits you." I smiled while nodding. Kill me now.
"Thanks, well I'll see you later maybe." Brielle smiled before once again flickering her hair behind her as she took off.
Could someone get anymore fake?
As if on cue, down the corridor walked Christian and his two friends. Peers in the corridor called out "hellos, heys or how was your summer."
Which Christian replied by "Awesome, you?" I rolled my eyes and looked down at my phone which had a message from Heather asking if I was a school yet. I began replying to her, but stopped as I felt presence in front of me.
There stood Christian and his friends who all had slight smirks upon their faces. 
"Ellie," Christian said acknowledging me. "Christian." I nodded back before gluing my eyes back down at my phone. I continued on finishing what I was going to send to Heather.
Hoping that the three would understand I had no interest in speaking to them by being antisocial, I thought they would leave. 
"Hey, give it back!" I snapped as my phone was taken out of my hands by Christian. They began laughing as Christian moved around while I tried to get my phone back.
"Christian give me my phone back." I tried again. He looked like he was typing something on my phone.
"Heyy Heather, I'm at my locker with Christian! He's soooo hot isn't he!!!" Christian said aloud while he wrote the message.
"Stop Christian!" I said angrily while failing to get my phone back to the rightful owner.
He along with his friends were laughing while I scowled at them.
"It's not funny, please just give me my phone back." I said firmly while crossing my arms.
I hadn't realised, but the whole corridor was watching us and thought it was great entertainment.
"I love him soooo much!!" Christian said and held my phone up high. The message was yet to be sent.
"Don't you dare." I said angrily.
"Send." Christian tapped the send button. He erupted in more laughter and I shoved him back before snatching my phone away and storming off down the hall.
As I stormed off, I could still hear their ear piercingly annoying laughs. 
My goal was to avoid that asshole for the year, but obviously I didn't get off to a good start. I'm still going to try, but he won't make it easy.
Coincidentally, I took off in the right direction to my first class. I arrived at the classroom I was meant to be at and Heather appeared.
"Hey Ellie!" She said happily."Hey." I huffed.
"So I got an interesting message earlier," She rose her eyebrows.
"Because it was obviously from me." I said sarcastically and pulled her into our classroom.
"I was beginning to think you like him." Heather spoke as we sat down.
"Please go wash your mouth out." I rolled my eyes. Heather responded with a light chuckle.
The bell rang a moment later and the classroom suddenly became filled with students.
This was going to be a long day.
Is Colton Haynes who you picture for the role of Christian??
Hey guys! So this is the first chapter of Captain vs Captain and I hope I'm doing okay as this is the first story I've ever done. I would love it so much if you kept reading and maybe chuck me a follow!

Ich werde von dem blöden Gepiepse meines Weckers wach. Mit einem genervten Stöhnen drehe ich mich um und schalte ihn aus. ''Super, 7 Uhr'', murmle ich verschlafen vor mir her. Ich drehe mich wieder um und vergrabe mein Gesicht in meinem Kopfkissen, welches nach und nach den gewohnten Geruch meiner Heimat verliert. 
Vielleicht bilde ich mir dies auch einfach nur ein. Seit einer Woche lebe ich nun schon in einem neuen Haus, mit meinem Vater Titus und es fühlt sich nicht einmal an nährend so an wie ein Zuhause. 
Im Selbstmitleid versunken schlafe ich noch einmal für einen kurzen Moment ein, bis mein Wecker erneut klingelt. Fluchend schlage ich auf ihn drauf. ''Verdammt, kannst du nicht einfach kaputt gehen?''
Um ehrlich zu sein, weiß ich nicht einmal wieso er überhaupt an ist. Es ist die letzte Woche, bevor die Schule wieder beginnt und ich stelle mir meinen Wecker um 7 Uhr?
Ich versuch gar nicht erst noch einmal einzuschlafen und stehe stattdessen auf, um etwas sinnvolles zu machen. Ich kämpfe mich durch mein Zimmer, um von meinem Bett aus auf die andere Seite ins Bad zugelangen, welches an meinem Zimmer angrenzt. Was gar nicht so einfach ist, da überall irgendwelche Umzugskartons im Weg stehen. 
Wir sind zwar bereits vor einer Woche hierher gezogen, ich hatte dennoch nicht die Motivation gefunden, mich hier gemütlich einzurichten. Warum sollte ich auch, selbst wenn ich alles wie früher einrichten würde, wäre es immer noch nicht das selbe und es würde sich immer noch nicht wie Zuhause, für mich, anfühlen. 
Wenn ich im Bad bin, putze ich mir nur schnell die Zähne und binde meine langen braunen Haare zu einem Zopf zusammen. 
Ich gehe zurück in mein Zimmer und durchwühle die einzelnen Kartons auf der Suche nach meinen Sportklamotten, um eine Runde laufen zu gehen. Es war eine ziemlich verzweifelte Lösung von mir, wie ich meinen Tag verbringen könnte, aber immer noch besser als, dass was ich die 7 Tage davor gemacht habe. 
Ich war in der Zeit nicht einmal draußen, um mich mit der neuen Umgebung vertraut zu machen, oder so etwas in der Art. Ich war die ganze Zeit nur im Haus und habe irgendwelche Filme geguckt, Büchergelesen oder mit Harper Telefoniert. Zurück in Texas war Harper einer meiner besten Freunde und die einzige, die es wert ist noch Kontakt zu zu halten. Sie war immer für mich da und das ist sie auch immer noch. 
Wenn ich endlich meine Laufschuhe und Yogashorts gefunden habe, ziehe ich mich schnell um und greife nach meinem Ipod.
Ich will gerade durch die Tür gehen,wenn ich schwere Schritte die Treppe hoch kommen höre. Titus muss gerade von seiner Arbeit wieder gekommen sein und ich wollte ihm auf keinen Fall begegnen. 
Ich bin zu sauer auf ihn und ich gebe ihm selbstverständlich die Schuld für unseren Umzug. Wir hatten nie Problem mit Geld oder so etwas in der Art, weswegen es auch, für mich, keine plausiblen Grund gibt, warum er diese Beförderung angenommen hat. 
Wir haben in Texas gelebt seitdem ich geboren bin. Dort hängen all meine Erinnerungen sowohl die guten, als auch die schlechten. Ich verstehe nicht wie er dies alles ohne weiteres aufgeben konnte.
Ich bleibe vor der Tür stehen und höre, wie er durch den oberen Flur geht, bis seine Schritte hinter seiner Schlafzimmer Tür verschwinden. Ich warte vorsichtshalber noch eine Minuten, bevor ich mich mit leisen Schritten nach unten begebe. 
In der Küche angekommen werfe ich einen Blick in den Kühlschrank, ich finde allerdings nicht essbares, woraufhin ich die Tür zum Kühlschrank mit einem lauten Knall schließe. Natürlich war Titus noch nicht einkaufen, ganz offensichtlich hat er vergessen, dass er Zuhause eine Tochter hat die verhungern könnte. 
Ich sehe mich um, um zu gucken, oben irgendwo etwas Geld liegen könnte, aber Fehlanzeige. Also mach ich mich wieder auf meinen Weg nach oben, um etwas von meinen eigenen Geld zu holen. Ich habe selber nicht viel Geld in meinem Portmonee, weswegen das Frühstück eher klein ausfallen wird. Ich nehme es und stecke es mein Tasche, so das ich endlich los kann.
A/n: Please comment and tell me if you like it. Oh and I know I shouldn't have to say this but don't copy right any of this. Okay love y'all and let me know if its good enough to continue writing it.
PS this was wrote when I was a terrible writer, read at your own risk!!!!~.~.~.~
"Okay. I'll talk to that girl for you,but if she ask for your number, you have to say 'Raven you are the hottest girl I know '." I made a proposal to Kile, because he has been aggravating me about this for the last week. He smiled at me, one of his well known smirks that could strike down the whole female population.
"Psst. Like she's ever going to give me her number anyway's." He didn't know what he was getting himself into. He could have any girl he wanted in this school with one wink of his eye.
"Its a deal." I shake his hand before politely turning around and headinf to the opposite side of the lunch room where the popular table sat by the window. Why Kile didnt sit there was a mystery to me.
Once i had reached thr table "Hey Bree."
"Why are you talking to me?" She ask in a normal snarky voice. She had never really liked me that much and to be totally honest i didnt fancy her that much either.
"Well i was goimg to let you know that Kile was wanting your number but nevermind." I turned to walk away from her but she grabs my shoulder and turns me around.
"You mean to tell me that Kile....Kile Young wants my number?" She slightly jumps up and down. Its suprising how fast she can irritate me.
"Yeah he wants your number." I said sarcastically rolling my eyes. What he sees in her will forever be a mystery to me.
"Are you joking with me?"
"No but here's a pencil and a sheet of paper and he's standing right over there." I point at a mouth dropped Kile. A smirk made its way onto my face.
Ahuh sucker. It looks like Kile Young is going to be loving him some Raven. Bree folded up the sheet of paper and walked over to, Kile and handed him the sheet of paper by sticking in his front pocket and whispering in his ear.
Eesh what was wrong with that girl. 
I thought I would be happy to win the bet but I felt this slither of regret fill the pit of my stomach, but I won't let Kile see it. He's going to see me as little Miss. Attitude. I walked over to him once Bree was through. "Told you, piece of cake now for you to declare your love for me Romeo. "
"How did you-? Never mind but from now on you are my personal wing man or wing women. Ever if I have to kiss you next time." My heart fluttered, but I knew he didn't mean it.
Kile stood up on the lunchroom table and screamed, "Kile Young love's the most hottest girl in school, Raven Smith." Grabbing everyone's attention. I blushed, he didn't have to add 'I love you' in there.
...Plus, I didn't think he would really do it... 
He sees me blushing and jumps down from the table and put's his arm around me."And that my friend is the sound of victory." We walk out of the lunchroom with his arm still around me as we laugh." You are awesome Raven did you know that?"
"Yes, Kile as a matter of fact i did." 
We walk to the bus together. We literally lived right down the road from each other. Which comes in handy when his mom is doped out. 
*******KileI walk though my front door. 
...Well hello to you too mother... 
She was passed out on the couch with her boyfriend on top of her. I have learned to laugh at the serous parts in life. Its what keeps it interesting.
I go to my room and plug my ear phones in with one of Fall out boys: know what you did in the dark. (The song above). 
I played the music so loud I didn't even notice when my mom came in my room. She ripped out my earplugs,"What did you do with my pills Kile!?!" She screams and my ears start to hurt from the so resent removal of my earplugs.
"I didn't mess with them." Jake, my moms boy friend, walks into the room.
"I know your lying boy. Now answer your Mother." He yells.
"First off don't call me boy. Second off I didn't mess with your damn pills." I yelled.
He pushed me up against the wall and puts his hands around my neck and yells, "Don't you talk to me like that... boy." My mom grabs his shoulder and pulls him off of me but doesn't come to my defense instead she turns on me.
"You are such a disappointment Kile," she slurs her words and the next thing she says shocks me so bad that I can't move, " You know what? Get the hell out of my house right now." 
When I don't move from shock, she slaps me. I start to tear up, but from anger and walk out the house slamming the door in the process.
RavenI was sitting on my bed doing my homework, when my phone rings and the caller ID says its Kile so I automatically come up with a smart comment, "Well ,well, well. Look who decided to call. What, you wasn't to busy calling Bree?" He didn't say anything for a while,"Kile what's wrong?" I heard soft crying, well more like sniffling. 
"Can I come over... for a while?" He cleared his throat trying to hide his tears.
"Of course."
"No not like as a normal visit. I can't just come though your window this time. Can you ask your mom if I can stay there, stay there." He sounded like he had a stomped up nose now.
"Of course but just for tonight sneak through my window so you can tell me what's going on." I spoke into the phone getting worried. 
Kile never cry's and if I had to ask my mom if he could stay over something was up. It wasn't just the normal mom's gone bat shit crazy, visit.
"Okay be there in five and do you think you could get one of your dads shirts for tomorrow. I didn't have any time to pack." 
"Of course. No problem. See you in five."
*******Please comment and let me here what you think.
[© 2015 ELLE CORNELL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED NO PART OF THIS NOVEL MAY BE REPRODUCED, DISTRIBUTED, OR TRANSMITTED IN ANY FORMS OR ANY MEANS, WITHOUT THE PRIOR PERMISSION OF THE AUTHOR.]
- This novel will be in four alternating age parts. The only present tense will be when Alyssa is 24, and the others will be written in past tense.
- This will, simply saying, have a lot of angst. It will be full of drama and secrets. It is meant to be that way. Do not complain or ask questions in the beginning of the book as secrets will be revealed soon.
To be honest, Alyssa Collins does not remember a single day when she was apart from her best friend, Parker. They grew up together, and they've never really been seen without the other. So when the time came, falling in love with Parker Jameson was simply, the easiest thing to do.
They fall in love, and fall hard for each other despite the bumps and unexpected crevices in the road. After all, the means do not justify the ends.
However, like all high school relationships, theirs are stamped void when a painful breakup forces them apart.
When Alyssa is twenty one, she is faced with her worst nightmare: look back at their messy breakup and relationship, and see what really went wrong.




Hi, my name is Alexandra Owen,I'm blonde with blue eyes.I'm alittle populer at school and no I'm not a bitch. Maybe a little, my friends are Evelyn, Shay, Mason,Danielle,Megan and Aaron.
I used to live very simple life like any girl until that day.
*****************
"C'mon it's your birthday, can you please show me that you're a little bit interested"Evelyn shouted in my ear while I was trying to go back to sleep
"Go away I want to sleep"I yelled back
"It's 4.00 pm for Gods sake"Shay said
"We're going to have so much fun today at the club so get your ass up because we're leaving in 30 minutes"Mason yelled.
"I'm up..... okay. Now all of you get out so I can get ready" I told them.
I got up and walked to the bathroom and took a quick shower then dressed in a light blue dress,I put some make up and went downstairs.
"You don't look so bad" My idiot brother, Ashton, said.
I rolled my eyes at him and stayed silent because i know that he's trying to bother me like usual. Don't get me wrong my brother and I are very good friends but sometimes he can be an asshole.
"Don't believe him you look beautiful" said Danielle.
"Actually you look hot" Aaron said then wolf-whistled when he finished his sentence which earned him a smack on the arm from my brother.
"Ow... what was that for ??"Aaron whined, faking hurt.
"She's my sister, idiot" you see my brother can be overprotective sometimes.
I rolled my eyes at them again and said, "are we going to the club or are you planning on staying here?"
"Oh that right.......let's go guys"Shay said as she walked out with us following her. 
Now we were standing outside a nearby club. As soon as we entered the club, we found an empty table and sat.
"Ok so we're going to drink until we can't breath,today we'll have so much fun"  I said as we ordered our shots
5 hours later...
After I was done dancing, I checked my phone to see I have 34 missed calls and all of them were from Ashton
"Guys lets go to my house, Ashton is calling me every two seconds" I said to my friends.
"He always does that so we think there's an emergency. We're used to his prank, it's getting old" Mason said rolling his eyes
"Yes, but usually I have 15 missed calls from him, not 34"
"Ok let's go"
As we got close to my house I noticed three cars in the garage,ok that's weird.....
I was going to knock the door when Evelyn shouted "Wait wait ... "
She looked at her watch and said " 9.... 8..... 7.... 6.... 5..... 4.... 3.... 2.... "
With that they screamed all togather 
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
I laughed and said
"It's my birthday, not New Year's Eve" I opened the door to see Ashton with his arms crossed and his eyes glassy like he will cry in any moment.
We stood looking at each other, confused at his expression 
"What's going on ??" I asked concerned.
SO this is the first chapter
it might be alittle boring but it will get better ..... I promise.
PLEASE 
VOTE
COMMENT 
SHARE
Hi everyone!! So a new story because I just thought about it today. I'm not gonna say anything just that this is my story and mine alone. To say I wouldn't go crazy ass bitch on you if you steal it, would be an understatement. 
Anyways, so here's where I need someone's help. I am very bad with covers. I need one for this book. And I swear I'm gonna be grateful to anyone who actually helps me with one. I may dedicate a chapter to whoever helps me. Please, please, pretty please with a cherry on top.
So yeah vote if you like it. :) 
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
It all started with just a kiss. Meet Niharika, brown eyed, brunette beauty. Shy, quiet, mysterious was what she looked like, but nobody knew the real her. She had enough of an example around her to know that protecting her heart was more better than to risk loving someone
Meet Adrian Fernandes, a dark haired, almost black eyed prankster. He was as sexy as he could get. The coolest guy in town. And curious as hell. 
That's why Adrian couldn't help but try to figure out Niharika after that  one challenge that changed everything. Just one kiss and Niharika's walls crumbled down. But she would try so hard to keep them up. And Adrian just couldn't help but try to know her more and more, and eventually falling for her.Niharika couldn't stop herself and before she knew it, she did not just open up to him but also realised she fell for him. 
But is she brave enough to overcome her fear and let Adrian in on her biggest fear or will just Adrian push her too far away from his reach ?
A/N -
Hi! This is Khushali.Thankyou so much for checking out this book. The book is entirely a work of fiction and resemblance to any characters is purely co-incidental. 
The story revolves around Sam and Violet.It isn't that cliche though there will be some moments which honestly speaking all of us are suckers for. 
This story is not just any bad boy - good girl book.It has a pinch of mystery to it. I hope you like it. 
My other work - 
Flicker of pain (ON HOLD currently) 
Important note - 
I appreciate feedback but if you wanna pass mean comments then you are more than welcome to join the line of people I don't give shit about. 
Happy reading, fellas ~ 
~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~
|••• Violet's POV •••| 
"What the hell do you want?" I ask Jasmine after picking up her call.
I was probably having one of my best dreams where in you are swept off your feet by some Greek God because you know for a fact that it won't be a reality and before you even have time for some fangirling, there's always my best friend to ring me up. She sometimes has the worst of all timings. 
"Check the time,you lazy ass!" She practically yells through the phone .
The scowl on my face reluctantly wipes out and I do as she says only to alarm my senses which then realize that its already 7.10 in the morning and I have my school at 7.30 sharp which leaves me only 20 hectic minutes to get dressed up.First day of sophomore year and my chances of getting into detention are probably more than half.
Great, isn't it? 
I practically jump out of my bed and rush to the shower with my toileteries.I scrub my body hastily and wrap myself in a towel and all this while wondering how in the hell did I manage to be so quick about it. Once I am done,I wear the very first pair of jeans I spot in my closet with a baggy sweater. Clearing the knots in my hair,I tie them up in a firm bun with a few strands fanning my face. I run downstairs skipping two stairs at a time and stride towards the kitchen for some quick breakfast. 
What? Late or early, food will never be sacrificed. Detention can go and burn in hell. 
I hastily grab an apple and run out of the door to see my best friend looking at me with a stern look on her face which is enough to let me know that she is pissed off.
"Violet Anne Taylor ...." I cut her off by dragging her into the car with a sheepish smile on my face and we speed our way to school.She looks out of the window, puffing in annoyance. Seems like I made her wait for quite some time.
We fall into a comfortable silence as I maintain a good enough speed to rush through the familiar lanes on the way to my school. As the scene out the window rolls by and the fresh morning breeze rejuvenates the foulest of moods, my mind diverts its train of thoughts to Wilson High aka drama house. Although I agree that it will be more than amazing to reunite with friends, I am always just a little too wary of it. After all, everyone knows how high school can be. I shake away those thoughts as the gates of my school come in my peripheral vision. I am not a very popular figure and I am almost non existent on the social radar but then again I don't give even a peanut sized damn to it. I have my group of people and as long as they are there, my social life is not at stake. I am just into them and I hardly ever converse with anybody else. I press the brakes abruptly and Jasmine's hair flies forward due to the jerk. We unbuckle our seat belts and run out of the parking lot. Never knew that I'd be so reckless. 
We hurriedly collect our time tables and run through the hallways to our lockers. Glancing through the subjects, I grimace when I realize which lecture I got first. Mathematics. 
Wow! Isn't it a great start? 
A sincere apology for all those math geeks but I hate the subject with a burning passion. Inwardly groaning,I part ways with Jasmine who runs to her english class. As I breathlessly enter my classroom, I find some familiar faces smiling at me. I return their smiles warmly as I sit down on an empty spot. The teacher has not arrived yet even though the bell rang long back, not that I am complaining. 
"Hey Vi! How were your holidays?" I hear the voice of my classmate Mac. 
"Hi! They were good. How about you?" I ask him.
Before he could reply, our math teacher whose name as I gathered is Mrs Conner arrives in and starts with the introductions. She was pretty cool and I did not find maths boring for once.Being the first lecture of maths on the very first day of my tenth grade, my judgement about her cannot be accurate but this period wasn't as much as a sleeping pill as I thought it'd be. 
The other lectures went by smoothly too without me being bored out of my mind even though I only had biology with Jasmine. All in all, my day was going pretty good and I did not bump into any kind of drama which gave me a little hope that my whole year can be as smooth as this but then my conscious just reminded me how skyrocketing my expectations are. 
School life is just unbelievably unpredictable. 
~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~°~
A/N - 
I hope that was a good start . I will ensure that the next chapters are bigger than this .
Feel free to like , comment and vote . 
Love always , 
KHUSHALI ~ 
     "Hey, here's one. 'Large four bedroom apartment across the street from North University, looking for a roommate to help pay rent.' Um, there's three people living there already, so rent shouldn't be that much. What do you think?" I looked up from my laptop at Rachel, who was currently sipping her coffee through the little stir straw they give you. She stopped and looked at me.
     "I don't know how I feel about you meeting some random people online and living with them." She went back to sipping her coffee. I ignored her.
     "I'm gonna do it. It's right across from campus, and I'm running out of time. School starts in a week, Rachel." I clicked on the button to message the owners. "If they're cereal killers, then you can say I told you so, but I don't think they are."
     "See this is your problem, Andy. You're too trusting. That's why it hurt you so much when Luke told you to trust him and then he went and cheated on you. Which, by the way, was really stupid on his part because, I mean, have you seen yourself? You've got the long, blonde hair that every guy dreams of. And your eyes-"
     "Okay, I get it. You don't want me living with three strangers." I sent my message. "But I just messaged them, so too late." I smiled. She stood up from her seat and pushed it under the table. I did the same, and picked up my laptop, closing it and putting it into my bookbag, before following her out the door.
     "Yes!" I said, pumping my fist into the air in victory.
     "What is it?" my mom asked, walking into the living room, where I sat on the couch looking at my computer screen.
     "I have a place to stay! They accepted my offer!"
     "That's great, Andy. Just be sure to stay safe. I know you don't know these people. Rachel told me." I sighed.
     "I know, Mom, but I need a place to stay, and this will be perfect. I promise I'll be safe." I messaged them back, saying I'd be there tomorrow. "I need to pack my stuff, because I'm leaving tomorrow." I got off the couch and walked to my room. I started packing my things, and my laptop made a noise telling me that I had a new message. I read it.
     Thank you for letting us know. We'll see you tomorrow, dude.
     I shrugged and put my laptop away, and finished packing. I fell asleep a few hours later.
     When I woke up, I grabbed my things, and flew down the stairs. Not literally, of course. I packed my stuff into my turquoise Volkswagen Bus, and went back into the house. It was 8:00, so I decided it was a reasonable hour, and I made myself some pancakes. I was pretty good in the kitchen. After I ate and got dressed, I said goodbye to my mom, and I was on my way. The apartment complex was three hours away, so I didn't get there until around 11:30. I parked in the parking lot, and headed towards the room.
     The room number was 137 and it was on the 5th floor. I got on the elevator, and then walked down the hallway to my new apartment. I had one of my suitcases with me, and the others were still in my car. I got to the door, and I knocked three times. I heard some scrambling, shouting, and some thumps, and then the door opened. The guy standing at the door was panting. He had curly brown hair, and blue eyes. He looked me up and down, and furrowed his eyebrows.
     "Uh, sorry. We didn't order a stripper." My jaw dropped. Just as he was about to close the door, I unconfused him.
     "What? No, I'm Andy, your new roommate." Or maybe I confused him even more.
     "No you're not. Andy is a guy's name. Our new roommate is a guy," another guy said, appearing behind him. This one had short, strait brown hair and green eyes.
     "Yeah, you're not Andy." I took in a deep breath.
     "Okay, look. My name is Andy, and I'm your new roommate. Andy is a guy and girl's name, so just don't even get me started on that. I am not, nor ever will be a stripper. And I can promise you, I know who I am, and I know that I'm your new roommate." And with that, I walked right past them and into the apartment. It was a beautiful apartment, and it had a great view. There were floor to ceiling windows, and the sunlight poured right in. I gaped at it, and then I heard one of them mutter a 'Welcome, come on in' in a sarcastic tone, and the other spoke up.
     "You should take off those purple contacts. You're not fooling anyone." I turned around and glared at him. It was the one with curly hair.
     "Actually, sir, this is my natural eye color," I said back to him. I smirked, and carried on through the apartment. There was another guy sitting on the couch. He had brown hair with blonde tips, and brown eyes. Just by looking at them, the apartment, and hearing them before they opened the door, I could tell three things.
1.) They were all rich. Like really rich. Unlike me.
2.) They were all jerks. F***boy galore up in here.
3.) They were brothers. Had to be.
     "Okay, first off, I don't even know ya'lls names, but I basically know your life story. Here we go. You all were born brothers into a rich family and you were spoiled your whole lives. You're all little jerks, and I bet none of you have ever had a relationship that's lasted longer than a one-night-stand. So how did I do? Am I right? Yeah, I thought so." I crossed my arms over my chest, and I gave them another smirk. They gaped at me like I had just taken my shirt off and thrown it across the room.
     "Okay, princess. If you know so much about us, why don't you tell us a little bit about you." It was the one with curly hair, again, and he was standing right in front of me. His arms were crossed over his chest like mine, a smirk on his face for me. I could tell we would not be friends.
     "I'm not telling you anything until I at least learn your names."
     "I'm Jayce," the curly-headed one said.
     "I'm Alex," the strait-haired one said.
     "I'm Sam," the blonde one, sitting on the couch said.
     "Okay, well you wanna know about my life? Because it's not as wonderful of a story as yours. I was born into a poor family. I was working for money when I was 5. My dad died when I was 6. The only way I was able to go to this college is because I got a scholarship. But don't put a sticker on me that says 'Smart good girl that happens to be poor' because that is not who I am. If you want to learn who I am, you're gonna have to get to know me, whether you like it or not." I gave them yet another smirk, and headed down the hallway of bedroom doors. One of them was open, and the room was empty of personal items. I walked in and shut the door. I started to unpack. Great. F***boy roommates.
Gabriella Stone. An everyday 17 year old girl. But she has a dark past, a past that she doesn't want anybody to know about. Though its kind of hard to keep secrets when your past forces you to move halfway across the world to live with 8 extraordinary boys. 
~*~*~*~
So this is my first story.. I love writing and I feel like I'm going to have an awesome time with this one soooo yeah let me know what you think :) 
Thank you for reading!!
Chapter 1
My first thought was, OW my face, as I turned the corner too quickly and plowed headfirst into what I thought was a wall. And then I realized the wall was warm, and it had its hands on my arms, keeping me from falling over. Looking up, I found myself staring into his eyes. Oh sh*t. I'd just faceplanted into this guy. Of course, he had to be the school's bad boy player, just my luck.
"Err...heh, sorry about that," I said, blushing. It didn't help that he had the most amazing grayish blue eyes that I kept getting lost in.
He smirked. "In a rush today, huh?"
Oh my god, he had this voice that was just...wow. I wanted to slap myself, why was I thinking this? He was a player. He'd take my heart and then break it, just like he did with countless others. But I managed to get out a reasonable response. "Yeah, I have a test in science today...I'm kind of nervous," I laughed uneasily. God, I sounded like a complete nerd, rambling about a science test...
"Oh really? Don't worry, it's not that bad," he reassured me. "By the way, the answer to the bonus is lanthanoid." He winked at me and said, "Well, I'll see you around," and walked past me down the hallway.
I made my way to class, my head spinning about what just happened. He actually wasn't that bad, but then again, I never talked to him at all until this morning. Sitting down in my seat in science, I pulled out my study guide and went over it. About forty five minutes later, I was out of science and heading to French.
Madam Marie-Elise was one of my favorite teachers. Being fairly young, she understood her students better. She moved from France a few years back and was a very good teacher, kind and understanding. Madam always had her hair pulled up into a high bun and only on Fridays would she let it cascade in brown curls down her back.
She greeted me at the door, "Bonjour, mademoiselle Hanna."
"Bonjour, Madam Elise," I returned. All her students left off the 'Marie' in her name, she told us to just call her Madam Elise or Miss Elise, apparently 'Marie' made her sound old. As if.
One by one, we filed into class. I took my usual seat in the back of the classroom. We had double desks, but no one ever sat by me, and I was perfectly okay with that. I just used the extra space to put my extra books on. As I took out my yellow flowered agenda and started copying down today's homework, I became acutely aware of someone intently staring at me. I shifted uncomfortably, not bothering to find out who it was. Then I caught the most amazing scent. It was manly and woodsy, and it made my head spin. I peeked at the class from underneath my eyelashes and saw a very familiar looking figure up at the front, handing a paper to Madam. He turned around and I gasped slightly. It was Max, the boy I ran into this morning.
Madam clapped her hands, "Can I get everyone's attention?" The class quieted down and I fixed my gaze on my agenda, scribbling random things in its margin. I pleaded with her in my head, begging her not to say what I thought she was about to. "Please welcome our new student, Maximillian. Max, would you like to introduce yourself?"
I heard snickers and giggles emanating from various parts of the class, but Max ignored them and good-naturedly waved at the class. "Hey guys, I'm Max, and I like playing COD and being outdoors." Well, that certainly was descriptive. People applauded anyways, and a few guys came up to give him a pat on the back like, hey dude, welcome to French.
I went back to doodling on my agenda but before long, I heard Madam Elise telling Max, "Oh, you can sit wherever you want, just find an empty seat."
Footsteps stopped next to me and I dared to look up. Yep, he was standing there.
"Hi, can I sit here?" I swear, the entire class went silent at the fact that this popular guy was asking to sit next to me, a nobody.
"Sure..." I started moving all my stuff off the desk, knocking over a stack of binders.
His hands stopped me. "It's cool, I got it." With one swipe of his arm, he had all my books balanced in one hand and gave them to me. Damn it, why'd he have to be so coordinated? Max plopped down in the seat, oblivious to the stares. I sank lower and lower in my seat as I caught Ally's death glare. Figures. She was this popular kid in our grade and was pretty much the school bike and had liked Max since forever. Ally was probably pissed at me. Joy, I've made a friend.
"Can I see your notes?" Max asked.
I nodded and slid them over.
"Thanks."
"No problem."
I took more notes on Madam Elise's lecture. At least, I tried to. The little things that Max kept doing were getting to me and I noticed them way too much. The way he tapped his pencil on the desk when he didn't understand something, the way he wrinkled his forehead when he was working hard. I had to shake myself a few times to snap out of it, I couldn't be seen staring at him like an idiot.
To top it all off, I found out that the amazing scent I'd smelled earlier was him. I'm not trying to be a creeper but it was intoxicating. It didn't help that we were super close together either. The double desk was of average size, and I was kind of small I suppose, but Max just kind of took up the rest of the space. He had to be at least six feet and while he wasn't bulky or completely buff, he had broad shoulders and prominent muscles when he moved. God, he made me feel tiny.
So there I was, pressing myself against the table leg to get as far away from him as possible. Still, I only managed to put about two inches of space between us. I spent almost the entire class in that incredibly uncomfortable position. When it was near the end of class, I just gave up. I went back to my normal spot and tried to ignore the crazy feeling that was bubbling up inside me. I wanted to slap myself. I couldn't like him as more than a friend. He was a player, he'd hurt me eventually.
He bumped his elbow into my arm and tingling sparks ignited along the surface of my skin. I trembled slightly and out of the corner of my eye, I saw him shudder a bit as well. The lyrics of Taylor Swift's 'Sparks Fly' raced through my mind and I almost laughed at the irony. Wow, for us, that song's title alone could've had a very literal meaning.
The bell rang and in my hurry to get away from him, my agenda slid from the top of the book stack I was carrying and onto the floor.
"Here you go," Max chuckled, putting the agenda back on the pile. Why does he always turn up around me?
"Thanks," I stuttered.
A voice came from down the hallway. "Hanna, wait up!" My friend Jayden was sprinting down the hallway towards us.
I beamed at him. "Hi Jayden!" I shot quick glance at Max, wondering why he wasn't saying hello. I nearly gasped out loud. His light blue eyes had turned dark and his fists were clenched, and I could've sworn that I heard a low growl emitting from him. What the heck...?
I turned back to Jayden to find him looking at Max, both of them locked in each other's gazes. Max raised a finger warningly at Jayden, then looked at me and walked away without a word. I couldn't help feeling just a tiny bit hurt.
"C'mon Hanna, let's go to lunch." Jayden pulled at my hand.
I laughed at his eagerness, momentarily forgetting the murderous look on Max's face. "Okay, okay, let's go!"
When we walked into the lunch room, I heard whispers of my name and Max's. I wanted to scream at them to get a life and stop butting into mine.
Jayden patted my back. "They're just rumors, it'll all blow over eventually."
I relaxed a bit but tensed up again when my gaze met his from across the room. I felt my knees turn to jelly and my hands shook a little. Those dark eyes seemed to bore into my soul and as if he knew what he was doing to me, he smiled wickedly. I got an irrational urge to just run and jump into his arms without a care in the world. Good Lord, what was this boy doing to me?
~~~~~~~~~~~
Vote, fan, and comment if you like it so far (:
{Edited}** Must read. **This book is officially from wattpad, created when I was thirteen. Yes I know people have stolen my book and but it on episode. I can't do anything about it so please just chill out.NO I don't have episode anymore so just report the people. There is a legal copyright on this book so I can easily take control, but I can't be bothered going onto all these different websites saying "hey dude wtf?" Because some sick people have probably stolen the book and put it on a bunch of random sites that I have no idea exists.I am the original author of 7 Bad Boys and Me. Jessica Renee. A 16 year old girl who is relying on you to tell them that they're wrong :) kthxbai
~Jaymiee~
"I'm sorry Miss Marie, but your parents died 2 minutes ago. " The doctor informs me. While I stare at doctors lifeless eyes as he tells me my only family members have died.
Tears stream down my face as the doctor gives me a blank emotionless face.
"So where do I live now?" I ask wanting to get out of the bleach smelling hospital.
"To the orphanage down the road. You can walk there." He replies, rolling his eyes.
"Thank you very much. " I call as I walk down the wet street toward what my life will be now.
As I arrived at the orphanage I notice that it looks like it barely stands. A tall building, crack filled, grey, concrete walls and small black double doors that lean slightly to the right. All I know is that I want to get out.
I push through the double doors and I'm invited by a creek of the doors, the floorboard and a high pitched the bell attached to the top of the door.
"Hello darling, welcome to Crescent Ville Orphanage. How can I help you?" The lady at the front desk asks. I didn't realise how old she was until I got closer and saw the wrinkles on her face. Her clear blue eyes stare into mine.
"I-uh-I need to stay here." I say awkwardly to the lady. 
"Oh sweety! What happened?" She asks with sympathy in her eyes and her lips pulled into a sympathetic smile.
"My... uh... parents died" I reply, trying to keep as calm as possible.
"Name please?"
"Jaymiee Marie." I say blankly.
"That's one pretty name!" She smiles, trying to cheer me up.
"Thank you." I reply, ignoring the pain on my heart from the resent events. 
"I will need to know your age too, sweety." She seems pretty nice, but would she risk her life to save me? I think not.
"I'm 17."
"So young, so tragic." She sulks.
I nod looking back at the double doors. 
Already planning an escape? 
What if Mr. Killer is out there?
As I drift off, I miss that the lady has told me where my bed is until she clicks her fingers in front of my face.
"You'll be out of here in no time! Such a pretty girl." She smiles, to me it looked forced.
I nod and mutter another 'thank you' under my breath as I turn to the right and stalk down the hallway.
12, 13, 14, 15
Number 16. That's me.
Currently it looks like I'm the only child in here and I probably am.
I sigh as I scan my room for the next few weeks or even months or years. 
A white bedside table covered in dust next to a small child's bed that I know I wouldn't fit in. It's covered in a grey sheet and a small white blanket that has turned grey probably from the years its been here.
Just as I sit down on the bed creating a massive dust storm, I hear a creaking and a bell, I know that someone had entered.
"Hello, how could I help you?" The lady at the front desk asks. I didn't even ask for her name. How rude.
"I saw someone walking in here and I was wondering if I could take her home." The person who entered said. She sounded in her 40's. I peeped my head out the door. How lucky am I? I didn't even wait a minute!
She was wearing a black dress that ended above her knee with black high heels. Pracrically everything about her screams rich. That doesn't change my opinion about her. She wears diamond studded earings in the shape of a tear.
"I'll get her for you." The lady excuses herself before coming to grab me.
"Jaymiee dear, someone is here for you." She smiles and mutters something I didn't quite catch.
I slowly step out the door revealing myself to my new family member.
She smiles and opens her arms for a hug.
"Welcome to the family." She says pulling her cherry red lips into a stunning smile.
"Take care Jaymiee!" The office lady says. I give her a quick nod before turning to my new guardian, I guess.
"Hello, my name is Carolina Rogers and I am your new guardian." She says as we step into her silver Mercedes Benz.
"I am your mum's high school, best friend." She replies, whipping the confused look on my face.
"I can't wait until you meet the family!" I smile at her while she is concentrating on the road.
We take a few left turns and park outside a massive white house. I wouldn't even call it a house. More like a mansion. 
A beautiful double story, white brick house with four windows stands in front of me.
"Come on in. I hope you like your stay." She smiles, showing her perfect white and straight teeth while holding the door open for me.
As I step in, I am greated by a warmth of a nice living room white a white couch and white tiled floors, on the left lays the kitchen and in the living room a huge plasma screen TV.
"Just go up stairs and your room is on the left." Carolina points up the stairs. 
"Thank you so much for letting me live with you, I am truly grateful." I say before running up about twenty flights of stairs and into the room on the right.
"What are you doing here?" A masculine voice comes from the left of me. I turn around to see a handsome man with piercing green eyes and curly brown hair, just like Carolina.
"I... This isn't the guest room is it?" I ask stupidly, avoiding his burning gaze.
"No, now get out." He snaps before pointing at the door. Quickly I walk out the room and hear the door slam behind me.
"Sorry about him, he's always like that. Has a rough life." I turn to see another guy who has the same piercing green eyes bit jet black hair.
"Oh. My names Jaden. And Mr. Grumpy in there is Ricky." A smile forming on his lips.
"Jaymiee." I reply smiling back. 
"By the way, your room is on the left, not the right." Jaden says pointing to the door on the other side of the room and chuckling. His chuckle sounded like honey dripping from flowers.
I muttered 'thank you' under my breath and make a run for my room. Carolina didn't tell me she had two boys.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
Authors note : Haaiiii peeps!!! I hope you like it so far... The rest of the smoking hawt Rogers boys will be revealed in the next chapter!! :O
Anyways!!!!! :D
Happy Birthday!!!!
~Jess! ♡ ♥ ♡ ♥
"Hike!" I catch the ball and start running back, looking for Parker.
"Throw it to Kline!" Coach shouts into the ear piece in my helmet.
"Williams watch out!" 
And then I get sacked from the left. 
When I recover from taking the hit, I see coach is already cussing out BJ(we give him so much hell for that name) and Parker. 
"Davis you have to be guarding Williams at all times! And Rynes, you have to get open or this play will never work!" Coach calls us all by our last names.
You see I'm quarterback, Parker is our main wide receiver, and BJ is our best linebacker/tackler. And if I get tackled, BJ is the one who has to deal with coaches wrath.
"Practice over, hit the showers!" He declares, saying a couple more things to Parker and BJ, then walking off. 
"Williams, you okay?" I hear through my ear piece. I send coach a thumbs up and get off the ground.
"Williams, you okay? I'm so-"
"Cut the bullshit BJ, I'm fine. It's part of the position, I get tackled." I say. 
"But-"
"No buts. But seriously, you need to go wash yours. You smell terrible!"
"Pizza night at your house tonight? Or Parker's?" He asks, walking towards the locker rooms.
"Mine. See you guys there." I say and then instead of following the guys, I walk into the girls locker room.
Yes, I'm a female quarterback. Got a problem? Didn't think so.
"Hi Danielle, how was practice?!" Chirps BJ's annoying girlfriend Annie.
"Do y'all not watch the actual game?" I ask. All the cheerleaders give me confused looks. "Of course not." I mutter under my breath, going to my locker.
"We saw you fall, did you trip over your own feet?" Bree, the stupidest asks.
"It's called tackling."
"Whatever. Has BJ talked about our relationship lately?!" Annie squeaks. I roll my eyes, dying of laughter inside. 
BJ talks about three things: food, sex, and football. Never relationships. The day me and BJ discuss relationships and feelings is the day pigs fly and he goes gay and becomes a vegetarian.
"Sure," I say, just to appease her, so they will leave me alone.
Thankfully, they do and I can take my shower. Getting dressed in my sweats and OU hoody, I grab my bag and head to my jeep. 
"Williams, hurry your ass up! You know my truck broke down." Parker says as I walk towards my blue jeep, him leaning on the hood. 
"You try to hurry up with the cheerleading team annoying you." I sneer.
"Can I?!" I roll my eyes and punch his shoulder, and he winces. I pack a mean punch. "You know, I wish you would really just get laid. You'd be a lot more nice." He adds and I throw him a glare.
"What bet did y'all make this time?" I ask. He slumps his head back.
"How do you-"
"It's just a gift." I laugh.
"The guys betted me that I couldn't get you in bed with Noah by next week. If I won, then BJ would have to to stop eating meat for a week. If I lost, I can't sleep with Janice for two weeks."
"Seriously? You guys are total horndogs." I say, rolling my eyes and starting up the jeep.
"Well we are teenage guys," He argues, rolling his eyes back.
"You should be getting ready for the game. First game of the season. I heard recruiters from Arkansas are coming in," I say. 
Parker hopes to attend Arkansas college to play, while I want to play for OU. It's always been my dream, and it's also my father's dream. I'm gonna accomplish it for both of us.
"I know." He sighs. "Now who is all coming tonight? Do I need to call anybody?" He switches topics quickly.
"Me, you, BJ, Ty, Noah, and Wyatt." I answer. We are close friends, closer than the rest of the team. Ty is also a wide receiver, Noah second quarterback, and Wyatt the other linebacker/tackler.
"Well then, they all know they're coming? Or do I have to call and remind them?"
"BJ knows. I don't know about the other guys," I answer.
"I thought you girls had track of this and shit."
"I'm too busy making sure y'all's lazy asses do what y'all are suppose to do!" 
"Whatever mom," 
"If I was your mama I'd already whipped ya ass for all the things you've been doin'!" Yes, I have the worst hick accent ever. Don't mention it, or I'll kick your ass.
"Uh huh." We pull up to the house and we get out, walking into the house and heading straight to the kitchen. 
"Hey, why home so early?" Mom asks.
"BJ let her get tackled so coach cut the practice early." Parker tells her. I punch him again.
"Oh honey, are you okay?!" Mom asks, worried.
"I'm fine mom. All the gear isn't for looks."
"Fine my ass," Mikey cuts in.
"I'm completely fine. Not even a headache!" I snap. 
My brother Michael, older by two years. He's 19, I'm 17. He has blonde hair, I have light brown hair. He has blue eyes, mine are blue-greenish. He's 6'2", I'm 5'9". And he hates that I am playing football. 
"Come on Parker," I say and grab his arm and pull him up the stairs to my room, listening to him whine about leaving his food.
"The guys better get here quick, I want pizza." He grumbles.
"You sound like a five year old."
"You're treating me like one."
"The guys are gonna be here soon, so call the pizza place."
"Fine, loser." He says and sticks his tongue out at me before taking out his phone and hitting his speed dial for Simple Simons--best pizza place ever!
We fight and love like siblings, talk like sailors, and watch football like nobody's business. That describes our football team exactly. 
We are all one big, shitty family. But we love each other(not that the guys would ever admit it).
(c) VanessaHernandez2013
Please don't steal this story or any other story in general I work really hard on them and put my time of the day to write them and I will hate for someone to just copy and paste and call it theirs.
This is my story, every single bit of it so please make your own and don't steal mine.
Enjoy.


We were your typical sandbox story, an adorable little girl with curly dark hair, and a rambunctious little boy with dirt on his cheek. We were the toddlers who kicked sand at each other, and put our gum in their hair, and giggled when we both got put in separate corners for time-out. We were perfect. 

	We were your everyday girl and boy next door, and even through taxes and government nonsense, we still managed to stay in our little perfect homes, our windows smiling at each other. We were the kids who used all the string and knocked over the recycling can, just so we could make a phone. It was our own perfect wonderland, our childhood. 

	But now we are the teens, who developed too quick and fast, and realized that perfect doesn't exist in a school full of divisions. I am the girl, still so small, with the quick mind and the loud mouth, but who doesn't know when to speak her mind. He is the boy, with the perfect blonde hair, and the dirt replaced by dimples on his cheeks. In the school, we're separate, happy in our own separate universes. 

	But when we come home, we pick up our actual phones, and tell each other everything, our own little sandbox still alive and well. 




"Our Sandbox" is a new story idea, new genre! Please let me know what you think :)
Okay this too all the people who are just started to read my books you have to understand this was my first boyxboy book and yes the writing is a little off I was just started as a writer so just deal with it (not meaning to sounds bitchy) anyways here is the book! //////::::I remember everything that happened that night, that long night and so does my twin bother. You see we were 4 and our mom was 17. My dad on the other hand was 24 and was nice until that night the night he killed our mom right in front of us. I can remember everything (Flash back) Me and John heard something from down so we walked down. We went be hide the sofa. "Tyler stop your hurting me!" My mom yelled that over and over then my dad started to take off her cloths my mom yelled stop as she saw us but he didn't he kept raping my mom. Then when he was done he beat her till she couldn't move he lifted her laying there!"MOMMY!" John screamed as he ran by her side. "Jacob what's wrong with mommy she isn't moving!" He screamed at me. Lucky I knew what to do when someone was hurt I did what my mom always told me to do call 911 so I did."Jacob John" my mom was gasping for air.We sat by her side. "Mommy is ok!" She whispered but back then we believed her. The cops and everyone got there but it was to late she was dead. Our mom meant everything to us! After that we went to foster care and we went from family to family and so on until this one I hated it!"Jacob?" I heard John from be hide me."Yeah?" "You zone out you ok?" I ruffed his hair he is a hour younger then me so I'm the big bother!"Yes I'm fine!" I smiledThen he started to cry! Oh god now what did I do!"Stop thinking of mom!" He yelled and barred his head in my chest. " How did you know I was thinking of mom?" I asked pulling him away."The look on your face!" I let out a sigh before giving him a hug "I can't help it John" I whispered.Then John pulled away. "It makes you sad witch makes me sad cause your sad!" He cross his arms over his chest. "Don't get sad!" He pouted I laughed and throw him over my shoulder. "How can I get sad when I have a bother like you!" I smiled as I heard him laugh and telling me to put him down!
We'd finally tracked down the bastards who had taken my brother, Caine. Our dad was Clan leader, therefore my brother and I were always big targets.
This time Caine had been captured by a group of rogues for leverage. The rogues thought if they had our future leader captured, we'd let them escape alive.
As if, the plan is usually always the same. Get in there, and kill any and all werewolves.
Every Hunter of our Clan had their own reasons for despising werewolves. Personally, for me it was a long line of hatred towards werewolves from my ancestors. It only became worse when an Alpha killed my Mum right in front of me. Out of all werewolves, I hate Alphas the most.
For those of you who don't know what a Clan is, it's basically a group of werewolf hunters. There are Clans all over the world, abiding by different rules. I'm part of the Blood Rose Clan. We've kept werewolves out of Idaho for centuries.
In a Clan you're born into your position. There is a leader, second, third, and then everyone else. Of course, if people think you're not doing your job right they can challenge you for the title. Though, no one in Blood Rose has challenged anyone in the past five decades.
The reason Caine is becoming leader instead of me, is because he was born first. I'm the future second command. The current second's wife had cancer and now she can't have kids. So in the end, it all kind of worked out.
We surround the rusty warehouse.
I mean seriously, a warehouse? Real original.
Dad is the first to move in. He runs up to rotten woody door and busts it down. Everyone follows Dad's lead and rushes into the building. I file in last.
We run directly into a dimly lit room. Everyone is fighting, two wolves against one Hunter.
I'm been strictly instructed to get Caine in and out of here.
Damn, he isn't is this room. I notice a bunch of rogues directing everyone away from a hidden stairway.
I guide myself along the wall, unnoticed. If a rogue even shot a look my way, my reply was a bullet to the head.
I sprint up the stairs. A brutally beaten Caine is sitting in the middle of the room, tied to his chair.
My hate for werewolves flares deep within me, growing larger.
Werewolves always make us seem like the bad guys. But if they stayed away from our land and families we wouldn't have to attack.
Caine yells a warning from under his duct tape.
I turn around just in time as a burly wolf tackles me to the ground.
No, I don't have any super strength, but I've been trained to use my instinct to the fullest extent.
When fighting, it doesn't matter how strong you are if you waste it with a bad technique. That is one of the only reasons I've survive, I have the best technique.
I wrap my hands around the wolf's neck, to put some distance between me and his teeth.
I dig my knee under his rib. He whine and adjusts his weight to his left side.
With my other leg, a push all my power into his right.
He instantly collapses to my side.
My hand instinctively reaches for my knife.
With a flick of my wrist, it's buried into his side.
I raise myself off the ground and walk back towards Caine. I don't want to watch the werewolf's slow death. No, I don't regret what I did, but I'm not heartless, I don't find instant pleasure in others' pain.
I rip the duct tape off of Caine's mouth.
"About time." He jokes.
"Shut up, I gotta get you out of here." I say annoyed.
That's Caine for you, literally making a joke of everything. Not gonna lie, I'm the same way.
Caine tries standing up on his own, but falls to the ground instantly.
"They busted my damn leg." He cruses.
"Come on, let me help you up." I say with an out stretched hand.
With a grunt he is off the ground and has a secure arm wrapped around me.
We make our way down the stairs, and without checking, walk into the room where everyone was fighting.
A rogue steps in front of us, growling lowly.
Dammit, I left my knife upstairs and Caine is covering up my gun.
Battle strategies fly through my head, and nothing goes over what to do when a rogue is about to pounce and you'reholding your injured brother up.
Everything seems to go in slow motion.
The rogue's muscled tensed as he prepared to lunge. He soars through the air, teeth bared and claws out.
Within a split second, instead of looking at the wolf I'm looking at the back of Aunt Ronnie's head.
Caine yanks us both to the ground, just in time to see our Aunt go soaring over us.
 A scream gets caught in my throat as I watch the merciless rogue savagely kill Aunt Ronnie.
I just seemed to stare at the half eaten body forever.
I don't notice Dad shooting the rogue down. Or that had been the last rogue left to fight. I hardly felt some other Clan members drag me away.
One thing I did know was my Aunt was dead and it was my fault.
------------------
Vote, Comment, Share, and Follow
~VansWearinChick
Prologue
Being pregnant changed me. 
I mean, of course, it changed me physically. But I mean it changed me mentally. Like, I somehow got more mature; I grew as a person. Seriously, no pun intended. 
It was like, everything that I had done, everything that I wanted to do or was ever going to do didn't matter. All that mattered was this baby - this child. 
And it's so scary to think about, it literally starts to consume you. And I don't think it ever fully registers until you start to see it happening. See the changes that it's making to your body... See it grow. 
I think, pregnancy has two faces. One is, WOW... I can't believe this is happening! I can't believe there is a person growing inside of me. 
The other is, my life, isn't my life anymore, it's our life. It's OUR body. I used to say, me and I. Now it's us... we.
Hiiii guys!! I am so excited to be writing this new story. It's my second one and I hope you like it.:)
I'll put all my effort on it.:)
My first book is Just a dream or not? (Bill Kaulitz Love Story). And a short text about my feelings for Bill Kaulitz named That's for Billy:D
Here are the ways you can contact me: Facebook: www.facebook.com/kleopatra.tsiouki
Kik: fightinside997
Twitter: @kleopatratsiouk 
Tumblr: kellykaulitz
Instagram: klairi_pt
And you can always text me, vote and comment about anything you want to talk about:) I am here for anyone who needs me:) 
So enjoy:]
cast:: (may change with time)
selena gomez as veronika novak
harry styles as himself
luke hemmings as himself
michael j willett as ben whitemore
katherine mcnamara as cecelia banks
cody christian as zac rowly
liam hemsworth as brett dawson










Copyright 2011 by Shonethelite
(Title and Cover may be subject to change) All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or any means, or stored in a database retrival system, without the prior written permisson of the author.
PROLOGUE-
Friends with Benefits is a loaded saying. I mean, it's suppose to be one thing right? You have a close friend or best friend that you care for and are freakishly attracted to. It's suppose to be simple. Girl + Boy= Love. But its never the case. So instead, everyone has to change the rules around and make it into a prettier picture. Why can't you make a cake and eat it too? Love is suppose to be an illusion of what reality is. Sure, some people are actually in love but where's the fun in that? The action, the adventure!
   What I'm saying is friend's with benefits should be the hip new thing again. Its safer, its more reliable, and when your lonely you call up that person and instantly your as happy as can be.
But life is never that simple. Never that easy. Somewhere down the road someone in that particular relationships starts catching feelings.
 I wonder though, who exactly will that be?
Olá pessoas Algumas pessoas pediram a segunda temporada do livro" O irmão da minha melhor amiga" Então resolvi fazer.
Se você não leu O Irmão Da Minha Melhor Amiga 1 recomendo, que vá até o meu Perfil e leia. Pra você não ficar tão perdido na História.
Para os que leiam e que agora estão aqui; muito Obrigada. ;)
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author.

Cole Black^^^^^^^^^^^
Kate P.O.V.
Beep!!! Beep!! Beep!!
I get up and make my way towards anna and charlies room
"Charlie and Anna wake up babies?" I said but got no answer
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU STUPID ASS KIDS DOING?" I heard my 'father' yell I ran down stairs and saw my him raise his hand and was going to hit my children but I quickly jump in front of them.
Slap!!!
"Mommy" I hear them both yell 
"I'm okay go upstairs in my room and lock the door hurry" I said as I pushed them up the stairs and they ran up and when I heard the click I turn around.
Crack!!!!
He kicked me in the stomach and I knew my ribs just broke this went on for a good hour until he got tired I dragged my way upstairs and knocked on the door.
"It's me babies" I said in a sweet voice but I was in deep pain and agony they opened the door and I could tell they heard me screaming for him to stop I smiled weakly.
"I'm okay" I said to my 2 year old kids they looked at me and started crying again I bent down and trust me never do that when your ribs are broke but I had to I have two children and they mean the world to me.
"Do you guys want to go with me to the hospital" I said in a motherly voice they both nodded I got them dressed and myself we went to my white tahoe I buckled anna and charlie put and got in when we arrived at the hospital I signed in.
We sat down and waited.
"Kate Williams" the doctor said I got up he looked at my face and gave me a sad smile I rolled my eyes I'm so sick of pity so I kept walking and we walked in the room I sat anna and charlie on the waiting chairs in the room.
"Okay so what's the problem?" The doctor asked
"I need to check on my ribs I fell down the steps" I said bluntly I looked at anna and charlie and smiled and they returned it but sadly.
"I need you to pull up your shirt" I pulled it up and I heard 3 gasps I looked at my 2 kids and they were crying I got up and made my way over to them I pulled them in a hug.
"Mommies okay" I said and I heard sniffling and they nodded I went up to the doctor
"Are they broke?" I asked his eyes were wide and he looked at me
"Does it hurt when you walk?" He asked his face going back normal but still shocked
"No but it's a little sting when I knelt down I feel like my ribs are on fire" I said looking at him
"Okay let's wrap them up and you're free to go" He said smiling sadly
"Thanks" I said he wrapped them up and I grabbed the kids and left when I pulled up at the house my dads car was there.
"Stay in the car" I said they nodded I walked in to come face to face with the hottest man I've ever seen.
"There she goes" My father said 
"Here I am" I said weirdly and he gave me a look that said 'you better shut up' I looked at the guy.
"Hey my name is Kate" I said smiling and shaking his huge hand compared to mine
"Cole Black" He said I smiled and he turned around to my father
"I want her since you can't pay back my money" He said I was shocked please say no please say no
/* Not Edited */
Melissa's POV
My eyes flutter open as the alarm goes off at around 6 in the morning. I drag my hand clumsily toward the clock and switch it off.
"It's Monday again. Another 5 days of bullying and torture" I sigh and pull myself out of the bed and start getting ready for school.
Yes, this has been happening since the last 2 years.
I am Melissa, a chubby girl hailing from an average socioeconomic class . I study at Silverdale High which is the best in city, also known for admitting people coming from influential and affluent backgrounds . 
So you must be wondering how I got into this so called "prestigious'' school right?
Yes, you got that bang on. Scholarship is the answer. I am good at studies, and because my IQ is a little higher than the average population, I got admitted into this school.
Music is something I love but nobody knows.
So why am I getting bullied? Reasons are lame but true.
First is my social stature .I am looked down because of my background. 
Second is my physical appearance. I am fat. 
To be frank, I do not have a good social life . In fact I don't have a social life at all. The reason is that, even the ones who are seen with me are bullied hence leaving me alone. 
Yes, my confidence has decreased a lot from when I joined this school but I do not want to break my parents dreams . I want them happy.
So I don't complain and try ignoring all the crude talks or disgusting pranks played on me.
Incessant criticisms on my weight and looks are the most sought out topics at school . If somebody is bored, I am their topic of discussion. 
This is my profile. Interesting right?
"Exams are coming up and I need to score high " I mutter to myself and go towards the library.
After finding the books needed, I start walking out when I bump on something hard and all my books fall down.
Without giving a glance, I start picking the books in hurry. 
"I am sorry. It's my fault" I hear a husky voice say.
I look up to see a boy of my age with mysterious blue eyes, dark eyebrows and jet black hair glaring into my eyes. He has a charisma that would make any girl fall for him.
I immediately look down without responding and hurriedly pick up my books and rush towards the class.
"Hey!" I hear his voice from behind.
I don't turn but run without giving a second glance. There are multiple things running in the back of my head.
One, I haven't seen him at school which means he is a new comer.
Two, I hope nobody saw him with me else his chances of getting bullied would increase by 101%.Yes, that's the result of any person seen with me.
Three, His reputation would spoil on the first day itself .
Distracting myself of all the thoughts, I make my way to the class only to be interrupted by Hazel.
She is the most popular girl of this school with a pretty face but not-so-pretty mouth.
"Hey Fatso. We have reserved an empty place for you specially over there" she says pointing to a bench at the corner.
Everyone starts to laugh. I reach that bench to see a caricature of mine with snide comments written all over. Tears start to form but I suppress it and sit there quietly pulling out an eraser and trying to erase out all those comments .
Chuckles and giggles of girls start and I turn to look at the direction from where the sound is coming from.
There, I see the newcomer from today morning standing.
Hazel immediately hurries towards the newcomer and introduces herself .
"Hi! You must be the new transfer student?" she says.
"Yes, I am Parker" he replies.
"Come! you can sit beside me" she says knocking off the girl who was already seated beside her .
Whilst Parker is being lead by Hazel, his eyes suddenly fall on me.
I immediately face downwards in order to avoid him.
Parker turns his direction and starts walking towards me.
Oh God Oh God please! He shouldn't come here -I mutter to myself shutting my eyes tight.
Hazel turns and walks towards him in order to stop him.
Yes! Yes! Yes take him away - I think to myself.
But instead he comes and stands beside my bench.
I look up to see him.
"I will sit here . I know her." He says to Hazel.
I am beyond shocked. Hazel's mouth forms an "o" shape as well. Pin drop silence follows in the class as I turn to look at Professor John entering the class.
Hazel leaves reluctantly and I move a little to give space for Parker to sit.
"I couldn't apologize to you properly this morning. I am Parker and you?" 
I don't reply and concentrate on the class instead.
As soon as the bell rings, I run out of the class without saying a word.
A/N:
Hey peeps!This is my first attempt at writing a story. There will be mistakes undoubtedly.
Please feel free to comment and point out the mistakes . Also vote for the story if you like.
shweta
"Mom! I'm going to go to school now! Bye! " I yelled as I shut the front door. I heard a faint, "bye honey," as I left. I guess I should introduce myself... My name is Alexis Elisha Parker aka Alex. I am currently 17 and I like the color blue.  I don't take BS and I have a hobby. A hobby that not many people know about me...and that is simply that I fight. I am known as Shadow in the MMA and underground street fighting. Yeah. I am that tough! 
      Anyways! I ran to my bike since I decided to be a lazy butt and sleep late. But hey! Who doesn't love sleep? 
       I jumped onto my Kawasaki Ninja ZX-10R and rode off to school. It didn't take very long, just about 15 min and I was whizzing into the parking lot of Eastbreak High. See I'm from Minnesota but I moved to California with my family 4 years ago.
        I ran into the school and stopped at the office to get a note. "Late again Ms. Parker?" The secretary sighed as she signed me in. I didn't pay here any attention and just left, seeing as how she has already signed me in I saw no reason to stay and have a "friendly chat," or whatever she wanted. 
       I walked to my locker and put in my combo. I put in my bad and took out my math book slamming my locker door shut with a bang! 
      Finally I got to my math teachers door and didn't bother to knock as I strolled in and right to my seat. Everyone stared at me as I walked which really kinda bothered me since they should just be used to this by know since I do this practically everyday! This could be my tradition for gosh sake! "Ms. Parker! Do you have a reason for being late this time?" Yelled my lovely math teacher. *note the sarcasm... This old hag needs to retire already! I swear she's ready to die just with her lectures, and her voice!? Don't even get me started on it! "Ms. Parker! I am talking to you!" Oops! I zoned out on her! "I'm sorry ma'am it won't happen again." I just about fell into my seat and sat there as she stared, well more like glared at me from the front. She's never really liked me and I have no clue why.. Although it may be because of my brother. He can be annoying to some or well.. all of his teachers. Now you may wonder why I take all this from her since I could easily kick her ass but the thing is...I don't want people to know who I really am. You see "Shadow" wears a hood and mask when she fights. Most people don't even know Shadow is a girl! 
        I heard laughing coming from beside me and looked to my right. Of course! Ladies and gentlemen... Lance Arther! My brother's best friend. My brother or well older brother, Matt, is 18 and so is this dimwit. Lance has always gotten on my nerves since i moved here. "What!?!" I snapped. "Nothing." He chuckled. Ugh does he think I'm stupid!? Obviously its something or he wouldn't have laughed! People don't usually start laughing for no reason! Well I guess some do but we all know where they are put... I voiced my thoughts, "Obviously it's something nimrod!" "Oh nimrod? Very original!" He drawled.  Now you may be wondering why I'm in the same math class as Lance. Especially since he's a year older. Well simply put, I'm good at it so I am in advanced math. 
*BRRINGG!*
     I practically ran out of that classroom! Although my next class was chemistry and well...not my best. I was walking to my locker when all of a sudden I'm shoved from behind and pulled into someone. "Alex!" Well look at that! It's my best friend Becca. I've known Becca ever since I came to East-break. She was a energetic girl with reddish hair that I was jealous of. Guys chase after her left and right and it's actually very funny! "Where were you this morning Alex ?" Becca's voice broke me out of my thoughts. Dang I zone out a lot! " oh about that..," I give her a guilty smile, " I kinda overslept and had to break about five traffic laws to get here close to the time school started." She laughed. Laughed! " I expected as much! At least you're here." We talked while we walked to our next class since we had it together. "Oh! Did you hear the news?" 
   "What?" I sighed. It seems like she ALWAYS has gossip or as she says news.  "Damien is coming here!" She excitedly says. "Who?" I have no clue who that is! She gasps, oh no here we go... "What do you mean who?! Damien! Damien Clark!" I stare at her, by now we have already walked through the door to chemistry, and I still don't know who she's talking about. "I don't know who you're talking about Becca. Are you sure I know him?" She looked in thought for a second and then realization dawned on her, "ohhh yeah! He left before you got here!" "Okay so that's what, but I still don't get what is so important about this." Becca looked at me like I was an idiot, "because he's coming back and"
*BRRINGG!!* 
Wow talk about great timing. I guess the world may never know who this Damien character dude is. Oh well! We sat down at our desks, Becca in the desk behind me with her chemistry partner and menby myself in front of her. You see we don't get to pick where we sit in this class either so I wasn't able to be next to Becca. But I was able to sit in front of her, so that is a plus! 
  Just then then door slammed open with a bang! The entire class looked to the door including me and what I saw surprised me. A boy walked in, who am I kidding!? A man! Yes a man walked in and started talking to the teacher. I wasn't able to pay attention though because I had a constant kicking on my chair by a very annoying best friend right now. So like any normal person I turned around, "What?!" I whisper screamed to Becca. She looked at me and was about to reply to me when Mr. Olson suddenly spoke up, "okay well then you may sit next to Ms. Parker over there. Ms. Parker! Raise your hand!" I turned around and looked at him then slowly raised my hand. The new guy then walked over to me and sat in the chair next to me. I raised an eyebrow but didn't say a word. 
       Truthfully now that I get a good look at him I can definitely say that he is damn good looking! I looked over his soft dark brown hair and smooth lips and greyish green eyes. Wow I have never seen that shade of eye color before!  He was wearing a leather jacket and underneath a black T-shirt with black pants and brown ankle boots. He was wearing a dog tag and you could see an 8 pack through his shirt. You could also see a hint of a tattoo underneath his one sleeve of his jacket. This guy definitely worked out! I was interupted by a husky deep voice. Huh? "See something you like babe?" Oh its him... Wait what's his name? I voiced my thoughts, "who are you?" Wow good going Alex! Now he's gonna think you're a weirdo! Wait why would I even care what he thinks? He just looked at me and chuckled. "Damien, and you?" "Alex." Wait is this the same Damien that Becca was talking about?
     "Interesting name,"  He said. Thank God he didn't say something stupid like ,"isn't that a boys name?" Ugh I hate when people say that because obviously I am not a boy and it's my name! 
       After that we both turned to the teacher and didn't say anything more. Although I was curious if this Damien was the guys that Becca seemed excited about... I guess I'll have to ask her.
     

I was trapped in humidity the moment I stepped out of the yellow cab. My fingers combed through my golden brown curls as I attempted desperately to tame these unruly mess but it only ended up sticking onto my face. Sighing with defeat, I dragged my dark suitcase behind me as I entered the air-conditioned terminal.
Almost instantly, I felt refreshed. My eyes wandered around aimlessly, searching for my flight number as my hand searched through my tote bag for my passport. Enough said I was great at multitasking. Within minutes, I stood in a queue with my red passport gripped tightly in my hand, waiting for my turn.
I couldn't believe I was already leaving LA. Vivid memories of the Los Angeles beach and its beautiful night-time city flashed through my mind. It was the second last summer before my college year - the summer that leads to my last high school year.
Time passed by so fast.
After receiving my plane ticket, I placed my luggage onto the carousel. An agent wrapped a sticker-like paper around it and sent it in. I watched it proceed for mere seconds before setting off. Making my way to the security checkpoint, I fiddled with my phone.
A security agent allowed me to walk through the metal detector once he checked my boarding pass and passport. I readjusted the Aztec print bag on my shoulder and wrapped my fingers around the straps. Subsequently, I doubled checked my gate number and headed towards the directory sign.
I turned on my phone one last time and checked the time. It was only six thirty - that made it a half an hour wait. Ensconcing myself down on the plastic blue chair, I pulled out my iPod. The soft tunes of Ariana Grande's 'My Everything' echoed through my headphones.
Now that you're gone, my heart is missing something.
It bothered me how I could still relate to the lyrics. There wasn't an us anymore.
I hummed softly along with the beat, trying to hold back tears. I didn't want to cry anymore - I've already lost too much tears. Shutting my eyes, I forced myself to concentrate on happy thoughts.
Think of unicorns, Elliot. I told myself. Unicorns, rainbows, and butterflies.
And it almost worked.
Just as I was about to let those joyful thoughts roam free in my mind, a sudden jab of pain shot through my toe. My eyes snapped open instantly as I let out a high-pitched screech and muffled curses. I brought my legs up and wrapped my arms around it protectively.
Some idiot had stepped on my pinkie toe.
Talk about the disadvantages of wearing flip flops.
My fingers caressed my bruised toe with extreme care as I examined it closely. It was in an ugly, dark purple colour with a hint of red. My head shot up and my eyes shot daggers at the perpetrator. Only if looks could kill, that person would be dead by now.
Right after I raised my head, I found myself staring at a dark haired boy possibly my age. He was tall and lean, athletic but not too muscular. His jet-black hair was swept back into an I-just-woke-up kind of style and his light green orbs, which were framed flawlessly by his long, dark lashes, sparkled with both interest and annoyance. Long story short the boy standing in front of me, the same one who injured my toe, looked like he just came out of an Abercrombie and Fitch photo-shoot.
"Cecelia! Come down here please! Breakfast is served!" Adria called.
 I threw on my favorite pair of hollister sweats and a white ribbed tee. I put my brown hair up into a messy bun before running downstairs.
My dad was seated at the head of the table and, as always, looked sharp. 
I pecked him on the cheek, respectfully before sitting on the right of him. 
To his left was my little brother Daniel , and my littlest brother Erick. 
Sitting beside me was a strange man I had never met before. 
I gave him a small smile while I inspected him. He looked around 23, he had straight black hair that was short on the sides and long on the top. He had beautiful green eyes and he had on a muscle shirt so I could see that he was very buff and had a lot of tattoos. 
He smiled back before looking at my brothers, and I took that chance to eat my toast. 
"Cecelia, Daniel, Erick this is Wren Alesser. He is going to marry Cecelia" my father said. 
My eyes went wide and I choked on my toast. I took a drink of the mimosa  Adria had previously served.
 I looked over at Wren, and searched his face but all I could read was his smug smile.
 "Daddy, I can't marry this man," I yell at him, " I won't marry him! I don't care I won't! If you do make me I will hate you forever!" 
I run upstairs and slam the door. 
I throw myself on my bed and start to cry. 
I wish my Mom was still alive, so that someone could stick up for me.
A while later My dad came into my room and sat on my bed. 
"You must marry that man." He says in a small voice before bursting into tears. 
The last time I saw him cry was at my mothers' funeral, 10 years ago. 
"Why?" I ask him. 
Wiping away his tears.
  "His gang protected your mother in the hospital and saved all of our lives from the men who killed your mother. I owe him a debt. He is single so he said that he would marry you and I wouldn't have to pay it. If I say no he will kill your brothers. This is the only debt he will accept. Not money, just you. He wants to unite our gangs and stop all of this rivalry. Please."  
I nod my head once and he starts toward the door.
 "And Cecelia?" He asks. 
"Yeah dad?" 
"He will want you to move with him tomorrow, just pack a bag and your brothers will pack the rest of your room." He says as he walks away. 
I grab my favorite black duffel bag from my closet, turn on Purpose, wipe away my tears and get to work.  
Tomorrow I move in with my fiancé, I hope his family likes me.
*****
   Ari berjalan cepat melewati lorong gedung berdominasi cat putih dan bau obat itu. Ya ia sekarang di Rumah Sakit setelah ia mendengar sesuatu yang tak mungkin untuk dirinya.
" Sus, pasien bernama Ronio William Kattley kamar berapa?!" Tanya Ari penuh cemas.
" Bapak Ronio William Kattley di kamar Melati No.129." Jawab Suster sambil melihat buku daftar pasien. Ia langsung berlari mencari kamar yang didapatnya.
   Kaki gemetar rasa kalut bingung sedih bercampur menjadi satu. Ari diam tak bergeming didepan pintu dimana Papahnya dirawat. Ia masuk hanya ada Papah yang ia banggakan terbaring lemah.
" Pah ini Ari, Ari disini..." Ia memegang tangan dingin beliau dan mencium punggung tangannya pelan.
   Air mata terus mengaliri wajah tampan milik Ari. Sampai sesuatu yang membuatnya berhenti. Tangan digenggamnya itu bergerak berarti??.
" Pah Papah bangun? Papah kenapa bisa kaya gini?"
" Ari...An..ak Pap..ah yang tam...pan, Papah ngg..ak papa kok" Ucap Ronio terbata bata.
" Nggak papa gimana? Sampe dirawat gini padahal tadi pagi masih main sama Sheila di Taman." Ari melihat khawatir.
   Ronio memandang putra ke duanya itu. Duduk dengan wajah serius dan bersedekap seperti waktu ia dulu walau terlihat habis menangis, benar persis. Ronio sedikit mengangkat badannya yang langsung dibantu Ari.
" Papah mau duduk?"
" Papah cuma kecapean abis main sama Sheila Ari, berarti tinggal Papah main sama anak kamu," Ronio melihat Ari yang berubah wajah.
" Apasih Pah, gak usah ngomong itu dulu, Papah kan lagi sakit jadi..."
" Ari Please dengerin Papah untuk kali ini aja" Potong Ronio ditanggapi hembusan nafas pelan Ari.
*****
   Konsentrasi benar benar tak beraturan, pecah. ia memijit pelipisnya pelan. Berkas yang harusnya selesai sore ini terlalaikan karena 1 perkataan Papahnya tadi.
" Wey bos Ari kenapa tho?" Tiba tiba orang berlogat jawa muncul dihadapan Ari.
" Ajil!!! Ngapain lo ngagetin gue?!"
" Hehe Ya bos juga ngelamun, lagi mikirin opo si bos?" Cenges Ajil karyawan Ari juga merangkap sebagai sahabat Ari.
   Ari melihat wajah Ajil penuh dengan pertanyaan, sepertinya tak salah ia berbagi cerita pada Ajil, apapun masalah yang slalu ia hadapi pasti bercerita pada Ajil.
" Oke tapi janji jangan bilang ke siapapun" Ajil mengangguk serius dan mendekat ke Ari.
" Gue Di jodohin" Ucap Ari pelan.
" Apa?!!?" Ajil menganga lima centi tapi sumpah itu sangat lebay bagi Ari. Seperti akan goyang dumang.
   Ajil tak percaya dengan perkataan bosnya itu, hari gini dijodohin kasihan tahu kaya nggak punya pasangan alias jones "Jomblo ngenes". Ari bercerita dari A - Z.
" Oh gitu ceritanya tho, ya udah nurut aja si bos," 
" Heh serabi jawa, emangnya mudah nerima orang gitu aja, terus gimana sama hati Risa?" Ari diam menatap keadaan kota yang mulai gelap lewat jendela ruang kacanya.
" Bosnya dengerin kata abang Ajil, Risa itu nggak cinta sama bos , dia cuman pengen hartanya bosnya thok, Lah dia juga sering jalan sama cowok lain yang ngakunya saudara tapi cara Ajil cowoknya!," Kata sinis panjang Ajil.
Nerissa Aphrodita, 16 tahun kelas 3 SMU. Menghindari pembulian yang selalu dialaminya, dia masuk ke sekolah yang memiliki reputasi buruk dan bergabung dengan cewek-cewek paling rebel di kelasnya.
Nerissa bukan cewek yang mudah terbawa arus. Dia selalu menjadi pengamat dan sesekali mengingatkan ketika teman-temannya terjerat pergaulan bebas yang menyilaukan sesaat.
Demi menolong teman-temannya, Nerissa seringkali terlibat masalah pelik. Saat Cinta overdosis, atau Feby nyaris di-DO karena melakukan tindakan mesum di lingkungan sekolah, Nadine yang hamil di luar nikah, juga Lani yang memenuhi segala kebutuhan materi dengan cara menjual diri.
Nerissa tidak ingin semua temannya memilih jalan yang salah. Secara bertahap dia menyelesaikan persoalan mereka satu-persatu. Namun nyatanya dia pun kesulitan menyelesaikan masalahnya sendiri.
Nerissa memiliki tiga cowok yang selalu melindunginya.
Ada Vano, cowok dewasa yang selalu memberinya tatapan hangat.
Ergan, si ketua OSIS yang posesif namun pengertian.
Juga Langitra, cowok most wanted sekolah, paling brengsek namun incaran semua siswi yang ada. Sering mengganggu Nerissa, tapi ketika dia membutuhkan pertolongan, Langitlah yang akan pertama kali datang menyelamatkannya.
***Akan diposting setelah My Pet Girlfriend tamat.
Beberapa hal di sini adalah yang dialamin temen2 saya pas masa sekolah. Karena saya 3x pindah pas SMU, saya jadi ketemu sama banyak orang dengan karakter dan kebiasaan unik.
Moto saya dari dulu ; Gak perlu gaul buat nunjukin kalo lo hebat. Jangan bangga kalo  lo ngerasa gaul setelah diri lo rusak.
Rule 1: Trust no one
Rule 2: NEVER hesitate, especially when it comes to killing Rotters
Rule 3: Trust no one
Rule 4: Your survival backpack stays on you at all times
Rule 5: Trust no one
Rule 6: Always carry more than one gun
Rule 7: Make sure your guns are loaded at all times
Rule 8: TRUST NO ONE
18 year old Camille Fiero is a survivor. She's been on her own since she was 14 and does what she needs to do in order for her and her adopted 4 year old daughter to survive. Five years ago, there was a cataclysmic event called the Explosion, that left almost everyone on earth dead.
A majority of those that didn't die turned into Rotters: zombie like, deaf, dumb, and slightly blind rotting blood-thirsters who use their advanced sense of smell and speed to hunt their prey: us. It's simple, see a Rotter, don't get bitten, shove a bullet in its brain, decapitate it, you live.
Camille has been living a strict lifestyle, being forced to toughen up and harden herself to others. When fate forces her to cross paths with arrogant, tough, alluring Caiden Pierce, she finds herself trying harder than usual to keep up her tough façade. She's stuck grasping onto everything she knows about surviving when Caiden bulldozes his way into her life, and possibly even into her heart.
© Copyright Eleanor Kirk 2012.  All rights reserved.  Reproduction of this work, in part or in whole, is illegal.
Fran’s first reaction to Darkwood’s boys’ boarding house was surprise.  Her second was that it was going to be a pretty comfortable place to stay for as long as she was hiding out pretending to be a boy.
Admittedly, it wasn’t a hotel, but the place was distinctly smarter than she might have expected – especially for a male boarding house – and the carpet was new enough for her to guess that it had been put in earlier that year.  The wooden panelling on the corridor walls, though – that had to be expensive.  She trailed one of her hands along the panels until she suddenly realised that she couldn’t afford to leave fingerprints all over the place.
Maybe I ought to burn my fingerprints off with acid, she mused, trying to tune out the housemaster’s voice as he explained that the laundry was in the door to the right and it was only in use during the lunch break and anybody who forgot to remove their clothes would have them confiscated and had to pay a fine to get them back.  One could never be too careful, either with clothes or with fingerprints.
Then again, there were supposed to be ninety-odd boys knocking around the house, so her fingerprints would probably be hard to single out from anybody else’s, and—
Mr Carson, the housemaster, knocked the next door open.  “This is the kit— Isaac, what are you doing here?  It’s lesson time.”
A lanky boy stacking cheese toasties onto a plate looked up.  “I have a free, sir.”
“You’re not supposed to spend it in the kitchen.  And who are the toasties for?”
Isaac swept his fringe to the side and considered the dozen or so there, absently catching the pile as the twelfth one threatened to topple it.
“Me.  Why?”
Fran poked her head around Mr Carson and inhaled deeply.  “Is that cheddar?” she asked eagerly.
One of Isaac’s eyebrows rose and he held one out.  “Sure.  Have one.  You’re the newbie, right?”
Fran took it and bit in.  It was the first decent thing she’d eaten for twenty-four hours.
“Mmhmm.”  She wiped melted cheese off the side of her face and gave him a thumbs-up as thanks.
“Welcome to Darkwood,” Isaac said, grabbing another couple of slices of bread and heading back to the toastie machine.
“Fnkth.”
“And you owe me a toastie,” he added.
Fran immediately tried to hand back the remaining half.  Isaac chuckled and leant on the toastie machine’s lid to close it.
“Just kidding.  What year are you in?”
“Eleven.”
Melting cheese began to bubble out of the crack in the side of the toastie machine, but Isaac didn’t appear to notice.  Fran immediately made a mental note to make toasties as often as possible.  The machine Isaac was using was the fastest she’d ever seen.
“Bit of an odd year to join.”
Fran shrugged.  “My parents are getting divorced and I thought it was best to be out of the way.”  And also because I’m being stalked by some random creeps and the police don’t seem to be able to do anything about them.
“Ah.”  Isaac seemed to realise that the machine was beginning to smoke, but he did nothing about it.  “Well, enjoy it here.  GCSEs are a total pain.”
The strongest sports team for girls in Starrymont High School is volleyball. The strongest for the guys is football.
Kennedy Valentine is the captain of the volleyball team. Despite her sweet and loving last name, she is just the opposite. The volleyball team practices three times a week for long hours after school. Kennedy is the kind of girl that doesn't like to lose any tournaments or games just like her arch nemesis Daniel Meyer.
Daniel Meyer is the captain of the football team. They practice long hours everyday except Fridays and weekends. He likes getting his team mates pumped up for each game which the majority of them they have won.
The state championships are up and the two teams both have made it. They practice extra hard and sometimes stay behind for extra hours just to practice more.
A rule that the sports board agreed on after they made it to the championships were that the two teams had to bond with each other and support each other. The thing is, the two teams hated each other. Even the coaches. Especially Kennedy and Daniel.
Will Kennedy and Daniel be able to stand each other long enough to not be distracted for their games? Will the "fued" between the two teams stop once they have bonded? Will they become closer? How will they win the championships if they have to spend hours a week pretending to be buddy-buddy with their biggest rivals?
Sparks will fly, hearts will be broken, conflicts will take place, and most importantly new friendship will be made along the way. And maybe even love.
After all, who said winning would be easy? 
A/N: This story is a collaboration of @kpop_maknae11 and @geniusgirl22. This is our first ever story so we hope that you'll like it. Please vote, share and comment. We will be joining the #Wattys2016 so we're expecting your support.
Also follow us on our individual accounts:
@geniusgirl22 and kpop_maknae11 mention a user
P.S.- Sorry if there will be times that we will have slow updates due to shcool schedule school stuffs
Language: Taglish (Tagalog-English)[ though English is used most of the time😂]
Warning: There will be some curses/foul words here and you have been WARNED😁Edited: August 9, 2016
Picture of Harley (how I imagined her) above
If the chapter has the letter H it is in Harley's POV and if it has R it is Ryder's POV.
:-)
"Hi Harley!" Ryder slung his arm over my shoulder, "Long time, no see."
"What do you want?" I replied pushing his arm off my shoulder.
"No need to get stroppy, sweetheart. " he replied smirking the very smirk that many girls at our school drool over. "Can't I come see my favourite girl before first period?"
"I'm sure Chelsea wouldn't like to hear you talking to other girls like that."
"I'm sure Chelsea wouldn't like a lot of things I plan on saying to you," he smirked, AGAIN, scanning me up and down.
"Oh really, Collins and what might those things be." I said, turning to look at him.
"Not suitable for school, Harls, not suitable for school," he laughed slightly shaking his head, "See you around Harley!" he said waving and walking to his locker. I juust grunted in disgust and continued to my next class.
"Hey Liam, Layla and I are doing movie night wanna come?" Ivy asks. Ivy Blackwell, the only girl in the school that cannot stand me, I don't know why she has so much beef against me but she does. He lets her down and lifts an arm around her shoulder. 
"Sorry, Ivy no can do, I'm going to a party with Blake tonight, unless you want to come?" She gives him an are you crazy look, causing me to chuckle 
"I don't do parties" 
"Good girl much?" I tease, I've always done that with her but it's only made her hate me more. She turns to me and crosses her arms. 
"Male shouvanist pig much?" 
"What does that mean?" She smirks 
"I don't expect you to know" She walks away without another word and I smirk. This means war. 
"Does someone have a crush?" Liam teases and I chuckle 
"As if. You know I don't do relationships" he puts his hands up in surrender. It's Friday night and we don't have a game, I am so ready for this party. ---------I stumble into the house and the light turns on, I look over and see my dad, great. 
"Where the hell have you been?" He shouts worriedly
"Shhh, too loud!" I say while grabbing my head, it feels as if there's a bunch of hammers pounding in my head right now and he's adding onto it. 
"Are you drunk?" I smirk 
"I was at a party dad, calm down-"
"No I will not calm down! It's two in the morning, you had me worried sick! And after what happened with your mother you still are going to do this?!" 
"Don't bring mom into this!" I shout. He knows that mom is a touchy subject for me. When I was younger, my mom took me to a party, she got drunk and I didn't know any better so I let her drive home, I think that's one of the reasons why Ivy hates me... My mom crashed into another car and both mom and the other driver died, the other driver was Ivy's mom. 
"I will bring you're mother into this because she made the stupid mistake in drunk driving and look where that got her!" 
"Well you were quick enough to replace her with Mariana-"
"I've had enough of this! I got a call from your Math teacher saying that you were failing, I figured hey maybe it's because you party constantly, worry about girls, and don't focus on your studies. I got you a tutor whether you like it or not" he snaps, I can see the anger in his eyes already 
"Oh really and who is this mystery person?"
"Ivy Blackwell" Great. Just freakin awesome. Anger rises in me and I just snap. 
"Well dad just accept the fact that your son is a failure already because I am not going anywhere!" I shout at him while walking past him and slamming my door shut. I get changed into pajama pants and a hoodie and plop on my bed while covering my head with a pillow as my father has another meltdown. ***********************************Hey guys, so here is the sequel! I'm going to take this book slow because I want to make sure it is as good as TNGATBB. Comment below what you think and don't forget to vote, hope you liked it,-Jen
Hi! Thanks for taking the time to read my story! I'm not the best writer, so this story isn't very well written. I have quite a few chapters already, so I will keep posting them until I need to write more. All of the chapters will vary in length. Also, I will not be requiring people to vote and comment or whatever before I update. I'll put the date at the end of every chapter so that you know when I posted. Feel free to give me tips because I'm new to Wattpad, and make sure you notify my if you see any grammatical errors. Thank you and enjoy the story! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
~~Chapter 1~~ (This will be the only chapter in third person. The rest of the book will be in Destiny's point of view.)
A boy sat in a chair across from his headmaster's desk. The boy was 17, with dark hair and blue eyes. Few people knew this, but the boy was actually a spy, just like the four other boys who sat beside him, waiting. After a few minutes, the headmaster walked into the room and sat at his desk in front of the boys.
"Good afternoon boys," he addressed to them.
"Good afternoon headmaster Dembrough," the boys said in unison. 
"I've brought you here to talk to you about your... abilities." the headmaster announced. "You see, we're taking our five top boys in the academy to address a certain mission." he explained. The boys looked at him, unsure of what to say.
The dark haired boy was growing impatient. "So what do we have to do?" he asked. 
The professor reached into his drawer and pulled out five files. "Well Zach, each of you will be assigned to a person attending Wakeview Academy. Your job is to transfer to their school, get close to them, and learn everything about them. After a few months, you will write a report on them."
"But sir, this doesn't seem like a very hard mission." a different boy said.
The headmaster began to organize the files into a certain order. "Well, the difficult part is, the people that will be assigned to you have completely different personalities," he explained, glancing at Zach for a moment. He handed all five boys a file, and told them not to open them until they get to their dorms. After wishing them luck, the headmaster dismissed them.
As soon as Zach reached his dorm, he locked the door behind him and sat at his desk, opening his file. Inside, there was a small picture that was attached to a stack of papers by a paperclip. Zach stared at the girl in the picture. She had green eyes with long brown hair that was tied up. He picked up the first paper and read it:
Destiny Andrews:
- Age: 17
- Eyes: Grn
- Hair: Brwn
- Height: 5' 5"
Comments: Smart, unsocial, shy
As Zach read this girl's profile, he memorized every last detail that was in the profile, which wasn't much. It was his assignment to get to know her after all. The girl was the complete opposite of him; Zach was the popular kid on campus, the kind of guy who would rather goof around and flirt with girls instead of study, even though he was the best spy in the school. The headmaster was right; this was definitely going to be a challenge.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
8/8/13 Sorry it's short! Thanks for reading! :) 
Also, I really enjoy it when people comment, so feel free!
There's always that one person. No matter how many relationship they have had, how many times they didn't respond to your text, how many times they made you feel like you did not matter, how many times you sit on the floor crying because of them, or made you feel like a piece of shit. No matter how many times you say they don't matter, deep down everytime that they text you, look at you, hug you, kiss you, even just say your name, your walls break down and you can't help but happy. 
Even, 
if I do not want to be happy.
Dan aku tau, seharusnya aku bilang 'engga' dengan tegas ke dia, ke orang yang menghilang begitu saja dari kehidupanku. Tapi, bodohnya aku malah diam, diam. Bingung harus berkata apa, bingung harus menjawab apa, aku benci dia, aku benci dia.
Aku membiarkan dia menyentuh pipi ku, menyeka air mata yang jatuh dari kedua mataku. Menenangkan ku dengan sentuhannya.
Aku merasakan dinginnya jemari tangan yang menyentuh pipiku, aku bisa merasakan wajahku yang putih memucat dan berubah menjadi biru. 
"Bisa aku kasih satu kesempatan lagi?" 
Aku mendadak bisu. Aku tidak tahu harus berbuat apa. 
Aku diam seribu bahasa.
------------------------------------------------------------
hey guys, ini baru permulaan aja yaa😁. Maaf banget masih lame gini hahahahaha, but im trying my best to write this book okay? 😁. thank you for nicotineaddixt on instagram for the great love quotes like that! you guys should follow them on ig 😁✌
This is so old, it's back to the times when I used to call my fans my lovelies, but this is totally changed and I've changed it up a lot for you guys. :)
Oh, and each chapter will be the name of a song that probably has nothing to do with the events in the chapter. Okay, read on. :)
Pic of Vera ~~~~~~~~~~Vera's pov 
Allow me to introduce myself, my name is Vera Allen daughter to Barry and Iris Allen (this is not a flash fanfic I just thought it would make sense since Allen you know anyways it not a flash fanfic) multi billionaires. Both of them are co CEOs of Allen Industry so their mostly away on business trips but I try not to let that bug me much. Now don't think that I'm bragging because I'm not but I just thought you need to know this in order to understand my story.
I get along great with everyone, I guess you could say I'm one of the Populars but I don't look at it that way. Everyone in school likes me except for a certain Bad Boy, Ethan Northstorm. Girls practically eye rape him and kiss the ground he walks on, but me, I certainly couldn't care less. I mean I don't even see why he hates me I have never even spoken a single word to him. 
And that's not even the best part of the story it turns out that the same Ethan Northstorm lives right next door to me, and to make matters worse a window in my room leads directly to his. I seriously wonder who built our house. Now my mom and dad never had a problem with that family there practically best friends. 
Not that I have a problem with the Northstorms just Ethan. Anyway back to me unlike the other populars or the cliché sluts at school I actually wear clothes that cover my body instead of leaving nothing to imagination. And I may sound mean, but seriously they've earned the title. I've even tried getting some of them to buy actual clothes when we were hanging out but they like there style so I let it be. 
Currently I'm in the kitchen dressed in short Nike shorts and a magenta long sleeve v-neck, pouring my self some coffee. While both my parents are rushing around the house to gather up all the luggage since there going of the London for about a well that I don't know. But their going because of work, I tend to not listen to those conversations during dinner. 
"So how long are gonna be gone" I asked my dad while he picked up two luggage bags and put the by the living room. 
"Now that I don't know sweetie your mom usually remembers that stuff" dad said. I smile while I finished up making my coffee.
"Do you guys have to go" I asked while sitting on the counter. I watched my dad wrestle with his tie while mom mom came down the endless stairs. 
"Oh honey you know we don't want to but we have to" mom said while putting her bags down next to the rest. 
"Edward could you please tell the staff to load our luggage into the car" my mom asked our butler. Edward nodded. 
"Oh darling still can't make a simple tie can you." My mom said which made my dad chuckle. 
"That's what your here for" my dad said while kissing the tip of her nose. She playfully smacked him, I was envious of this I always wanted something like this love that would last forever. 
"Oh sweetie could you pour me and your mom a cup of coffee please" dad said while mom grabbed her phone. 
I poured both parents a cup and out all the cream, sugar and milk in. I handed each a coffee mug and kissed each on the cheek. 
"Oh darling we have to be at the airport at 9:00 it's about 8:15 and it takes 45 minutes to get there not counting all the luggage checks so let's go" mom said while she dragged dad outside. 
"Wait we forgot the rules" dad said while turning to mom. 
"No party's" mom said. 
"No alcohol" dad said. 
"You can have small get to gathers" mom said. 
"And lastly no boys except for Ryder" dad said. I laughed at both of them I had heard these rules over 300 times but they still thought I needed a refresher.
Uhh I'm Savannah! I am 15 years old, I live in long valley New Jersey.I just ended 9th grade now I'm going to 10th but that's in three and a half months.My mom actually just told me today that she is going away for a month because she has a business trip to attend to.I was going to watch my brother for that month but she hired a full time babysitter dude I'm not three Eden is but she keeps bringing up the time I burnt the kitchen down, she never trust me in the house alone after that.
Grace Rodgers is your typical high school student. She gets passing grades, has a small group of friends and is your average wallflower. Nothing really sticks out about her. Her only problem is her lack of experience in... well anything that involves intimacy. She wants to learn what it feels like to be a teenager. Of all her friends, she is the only one who has not been in a relationship, been to a party or kissed a guy.Avery Jones is the King of Western High. He dominates his school with his undeniable good looks. Although he is known to breaks hearts, every girl still has hope that they will be the one to give him a change of heart. There's something about him that keeps everyone coming back.  So what happens when Gracie starts taking lessons from the Notorious player?  Will her heart get in the way or will his pride take away what could be the start of an amazing journey?
Copyright © 2013 by EatTheCraicThis is the only published edition of The Virgin Lessons.All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without out the written permission of the publisher.Feel free to read only on Wattpad.2013 Wattpad
It's finally here people! The spin off story I've been tell you all about in I Love You More Than In A Brotherly Way. Now I don't think you'll need to read ILYMTIABW to understand this story, but I would really recommend reading that story before reading this one. Anyways! Comment! Vote! Fan! And all that good stuff! Unedited_____________________________________________________________________________
Prologue (I guess that's what you can call it.)
R Y D E R
After I escaped the police station I didn't dare go home. That's the first place the cops would search for me so I had to get out of town, out of this state. I've been in Chicago this whole week, there's an amber alert out for me in all of Michigan, but the cops probably given up by now. They probably think I'm hidden somewhere in Canada. Now that I think of it I should have gone to Canada. Just take a few buses to Detroit and I'm gone. I'm sure it would been a shorter ride.
But I went to Chicago because it was the first place that came to mind. Now I'm back home, using a screwdriver to crack open the kitchen window so I can get in, grab food, and get out. I nearly starved to death in Chicago, and I tell you if it wasn't for this nice old Mexican lady with left overs I would be passed out on the ghetto streets of Chicago.
I'm not staying, there's to much on my plate for me to do that. Trouble with cops, a record that will for sure land me in jail, and dead beat dad. No way in hell I'm staying here, like I've mentioned before, I think my next stop is Canada.
 I get the window unlocked and slowly open it up, careful not make any noise to attract my dad over here. The window is barely big enough for me to squeeze through. The window is above the sink and the sink is full of dirty glass dishes. I fall from the window, on to the sink, breaking probably all the dishes in it.
 "Ya chose da wrong house to rob motherfucker!" My dad slurs bursting into the kitchen holding an empty vodka bottle by its neck.
Groaning, I let my self fall from the sink onto the floor regretting right away when the pieces of glass stab deeper into my back. Not even ten minutes in my house and I have an injury. New record.
"Ryder? What are you doing here?" The drunken asshole ask, sounding a little bit more sober. That's not saying much.
"Why you asking? You don't care." I grunt getting up from the floor. The hell? He's never really ever asked me a question that isn't an insult before. And now he's asking why I'm here like he kinda fucking cares? Screw him being a little close to soberness, he's drunker than ever.
"Dammit Ryder." He growls, throwing the empty bottle of vodka at the wall next to me. "I do fucking care, after all I did for you, I need you the fuck out of this house. Now."
"You've never done anything for me!" I yell, clenching my fist.
I walk over to him, looking up at him with murderous eyes. Who the fuck does this drunk think he is? Saying he's done shit for me. He's never lifted a fucking finger to help me. Never has and never will. I know what's going one. He's gone fucking nuts that's it. All the drinking has finally killed the last of his brain cells.
"I protected you from that queer that was making you a fucking faggot!" He barks, grabbing my shoulders and shaking. "I shot that homo for you! For you! "
“You shot Alex?” I ask in disbelief He doesn't say a thing and that's when I realize that Kenny really didn't shoot Alex, my drunken asshole of a father did. “You fucking drunk bastard! Kenny almost went jail because of you!”
Okay. I realized that most of the things that I posted are a tad bit on the serious/depressing side. So I gonna write a happier/cheerful-ier story ;)
And yes, I know it's cheerier
I hope you'll like the idea, although I'm not sure how it'll go at all. Like, no clue whatsoever. But I'm willing to be adventurous ^_^
WARNING!!!!! It's really cliché. The first few chapters were written when I was thirteen, so they're pretty rough (it'll get better though). It's also NOT edited, but feel free to point out any mistakes. 
© Copyright 2014
Cover made by me!
All rights reserved. All chapters and ideas belong to bookstar99. 
************************************************************************************************************
Summary:
Kylie Jenson is not the popular it-girl, nor is she a girly-girl. In fact, she's quite the opposite. She doesn't wear makeup or designer clothes (gasp), she hates gossiping and shopping (double gasp), and she doesn't know anything about the current 'hot' celebrities. It's the equivalent of social suicide at Waverly High. Good for her, she doesn't care. Kylie has all she needs: her friends, her sarcasm, and her great grades. 
Xavier Monroe is the heartthrob you see on every magazine cover. He's also the guy in the movies, and tv shows. Everyone worships the ground he walks on. There's nobody who doesn't know him. 
Except for Kylie. 
So when Xavier's parents force him to go to a public school in the middle of nowhere, his first welcome is Kylie telling him to get out of her way. He's shocked at the fact that she doesn't know who he is. Xavier can't help but expect her to idolize him and throw herself to his feet, like all the other girls at Waverly High. But that only makes him determined to charm her. Too bad that Kylie doesn't care about status. 
There are problems at every turn: stalker paparazzi, crazy fans, an ex or two, and one person slowly falling for the other. But as Kylie gets more famous, who's the starstruck one? And who's the one stuck with a star?
************************************************************************************************************
How's this story idea? Just curious.
9/1/14
                “Will you just stick it in already?”
                “Oliver, I can’t. It’s too big!”
                “I don’t care. Just stick it in!”
                “I’m telling you that it’s too big to fit!”
                “Well, try!”
                “Fine!”
                I pushed forward and Oliver moved up, grunting as he tried to help me. We both gave up after Oliver finally realized that it wasn’t going to fit.
                “Well, now what?” Oliver asked with a frown.
                I shrugged. “Now I put my gym bag in the locker room,” I said, letting the giant bag drop to my feet.
                “You can’t! Thalia’s stuff is in the bag,” Oliver reminded.
                “Well, then I’ll take her stuff out and she can put it in the girl’s locker room,” I said, bending down and unzipping the bag.
                “Here she comes,” Oliver said, nodding.
                I looked over and saw Thalia bounding down the hallway. She stopped in front of us and glanced at me curiously.
                “The gym bag didn’t fit in your locker?” she asked.
                I shook my head and straightened up, holding her clothes out to her. “Not with our stuff and Oliver’s stuff in it. So I’m just going to put it in the locker room.”
                She took her gym clothes from me and shrugged. “No big deal. I’m going to go put these in the locker room. I’ll be right back.”
                “Wait for us at my locker, Thalia. We’re going to go stick our bag in the locker room too,” I said.
                Oliver and I made our way to the boys’ locker room and went inside. We zigzagged through the rows of lockers until we came to the one we shared.
                Oliver put in the combination and held the locker open for me. I shoved the gym bag in there, relieved when it fit.
                “Finally,” I said as Oliver shut the locker, clicking the lock into place.
                “I’ll say. I still can’t believe it was too big to fit in a regular locker,” he said with a sigh, sitting down on the bench.
                I sat next to him, bending down to tie my shoe. Two guys entered the row and opened up their lockers, probably getting changed for first period gym class.
                “But did you see what he was wearing?” one of the guys asked, shaking his head.
                “What he always wears. It looks like the rainbow threw up on him,” his friend said with a shrug.
                Oliver and I glanced at each other and rolled our eyes. It didn’t take much imagination to know who these two guys were talking about. There was only one boy in our entire school who ever looked like the rainbow had thrown up on him.
                Oliver and I stood up and left the locker room, going over to Thalia who was already waiting for us. She pushed herself off of my locker and met us halfway.
                                                     PRZEDSTAWIENIE POSTACI ! :D 
Krystian - 19- letni chłopak, jest typowym bad boy'em , przyjaźni się z Damianem ... obydwoje trenują  piłkę nożną ^^
Damian - sąsiad oraz przyjaciel Krystiana, brunet o szaro-niebieskich oczach... ^^ 
Olciak - 15-letnia dziewczyna, blondynka, która ma dystans do chłopaków, trenuję lekko atletykę wraz  ze swoją przyjaciółką Roksaną ;3 
— ¿Qué haces?
La chica se inmuta al notar mi presencia. Trata de ocultar lo que lleva en sus manos, pero ya es tarde. 
Mi risa sale silenciosa y ella lo nota. Siempre he sido malo para no reír cuando algo es realmente gracioso. Ella es graciosa, la he atrapado.
— ¿Tú que haces? ¿Por qué estas sentado en el suelo?
Yo en el suelo es habitual, es tonto que me haga esas preguntas. Todos en el edificio saben que siempre olvido mis llaves en cualquier parte de la ciudad, por lo que siempre debo esperar a que alguno de mis compañeros de piso llegue y me abra la puerta. En fin, aquí el punto es, que claramente quiere despistarme. 
Se nota nerviosa y yo sé cuál es la razón.
Ahora ya sé porque he podido dormir bien estas últimas dos semanas.
— Yo pregunté primero, vecinita.
No dejaré que se salga del tema, la he atrapado y quiero explicaciones.
— Nada—. Balbucea encogiéndose de hombros como una mentirosilla nerviosa.
Nuevamente no puedo aguantar reír silenciosamente. Sentado en el suelo veo como ella de pie se llena de coraje para enfrentarme, o mejor dicho, enfrentar mis preguntas. 
— ¿Y ese cachorro?
— Mío.
Otra vez no puedo evitar reír. 
Sabe que sé todo y ella aun escoge mentirme.
Mentirosilla, mentirosilla.
— Pues tu cachorro se parece mucho al del señor Victor, que vive allí-, Le señalo la puerta a sus espaldas - Justamente de donde te acabo ver salir-. Especifico de manera acusatoria.
Victor es el típico vecino que nadie quiere. Por suerte se la pasa siempre trabajando y nunca nos lo cruzamos, nadie quisiera cruzarse jamás con él, su rostro puede arruinarle el día a cualquiera, no porque tenga alguna rara deformación o algo así, no, solo que él siempre está de mal humor y nos odia, así que le vale un comino ponernos mala cara cuando lo vemos. Un viejo precoz, eso es lo que pienso de él. Sus 25 años solo están de adorno, por eso nunca lo invito a mis fiestas, aparte claro y como ya lo dije, nunca está.
— ¿Segura que es tuyo?—. Pregunto dándole otra oportunidad de decirme la verdad.
— Mmmm... Bien—. Farfulla a regañadientes — Se lo estoy cuidando—. Explica nerviosamente.
¿Cuidando? Victor no es capaz de pagar ni un solo centavo por los servicios de alguien, en serio. Un día sin querer tuve la oportunidad de ver el interior de su departamento, un total chiquero, sentí lastima por él, hasta que el apareció y me echó una de sus miradas asesinas. Supongo que observar muy de cerca no fue buena idea.
— Deja de mentir, anda, confiesa de una vez—. Le pido incrédulo.
— Te he dicho toda la verdad ¿Qué es lo que debería confesar? 
Esta chica es dura. No lo soltara tan fácil, yo lo soltaré por ella.
— ¡Secuestras al cachorro del vecino!—. Suelto sin más.
— ¿Qué? No—. Niega instantáneamente — Yo no hago eso, y este pequeño no es un simple cachorro, su nombre es Dumbo.
— ¿Dumbo?—. Me causa gracia pronunciarlo —¿Cómo el elefante que vuela? Ya, claro, eso no es su nombre—. Niego divertido.
He escuchado a Victor llamando al pobre cachorro de mil maneras y "Dumbo" no es precisamente una de ellas. 
— Es su nombre y punto, además, eso a ti no te incumbe—. Gruñe molesta mientras acaricia el pelaje grisáceo del pequeño animalito.
— Tranquila, solo no creo que a tus padres le agrade saber que su hija menor de edad es acusada por allanamiento—. Comento, mostrándole en el problema que podría tener.
— No metas a mis padres en esto—. Espeta furiosa — Y no estoy allanando nada—. Asegura de mala gana.
— ¿El vecino te dio permiso de entrar a su departamento y secuestrar a su cachorro mientras él no está? 
Mi pregunta hace que la mentirosilla me eche mala cara.
— No—. Responde de mala gana.
— Eso, vecinita, es allanamiento—.Le aseguro.
— No es para tanto—. Bufa rodando los ojos.
— ¿Qué pasará si el vecino te descubre? Es un loco, lo sabes ¿Verdad?
— No pasará, llevo haciéndolo dos semanas, no se ha dado cuenta...
— Aún—. La interrumpo — ¿Cómo es que tienes su llave? ¿Se la robaste?
— ¿Qué? ¡No! Yo-yo no se la robé, yo...
— Ya, no quiero saber más, luego me convierto en tu cómplice y me jodo yo también.
Ella parece frustrada, respira hondo y exhala una y otra vez. Creo que es su método de tranquilizarse. 
— ¿Necesitas que llame a una ambulancia?—. Pregunto en broma. Me gano otra de sus miradas asesinas.
— Mejor cállate y olvida todo—. Refunfuña antes de poner rumbo a su puerta.
— Nos vemos—. Me despido sonriente — Y gracias, duermo mejor sin esos ruidosos chillidos, me salvé de reprobar dos exámenes—. Elevo mis dos pulgares en su dirección.
— ¿Sabes? No tienes ni idea—. Comenta pensativa mirando la perilla de su puerta — Sí, estoy allanando la casa de mi vecino, pero no tienes ni idea... Me alegra que ya puedas dormir bien—. Suelta sarcástica antes de entrar y cerrar la puerta tras ella, dejándome solo en el pasillo.
¿No tienes ni idea? Genial... Ahora soy un idiota que duerme bien.
.*.*.*.
Primero que nada, quiero decirles gracias por estar aquí acompañándome con esta nueva historia corta. Me da alegría tenerlos leyendo nuevamente algo de lo que escribo. Quisiera leer lo que piensan al respecto, pueden dejar su comentario y desde luego si les gustó, su voto ♥
Necesitan saber que el siguiente capítulo será diferente, desde otro punto de vista, seguro ya entenderán a lo que me refiero ;)
Seguro tarde en subirlo, quisiera saber primero lo que opinan ustedes, mis queridos lectores :3
Sin mas que decir me despido ^-^/
Pasen un lindo día ♥
Ariana's pov 
"Beep beep beep" I slap my hand against my alarm clock. "Ariana get the fuck up you need to go to school" I hear my father and mother say from downstairs. As you can tell my parents don't really like me, at all. "coming" I say with a sigh. I get up to use the shower, once I'm done I wash my teeth, face, dry my hair, put it in a ponytail, and walk out. I go to my closet to pick out my outfit. I get my undergarments, bra, skinny jeans, black long-sleeved top, black sandals, and put them on. I grab my backpack and head downstairs. "gosh Ariana get the hell out you take forever, don't you see we don't want you here" my mother says while my father just chuckles. I hang my head low and mumble a sorry. "didn't I tell you to stop with the mumbling?, just get the fuck out" my mother shouts. I flinch and hurry outside. I start walking since my parents didn't buy me a car or phone because according to them I'm not worth their money. It takes about fifteen minutes to get to school, once I'm there I put on my fake smile and walk through the the school doors. "Hey Ariana" "Gosh she's so pretty" "Babe can I have your number?" "I wish I was her" "She has the perfect life I swear" I hear all these people shout through the hallway. Although I did wish I had the perfect life. I just keep walking to my looker with the fakest smile ever. Once I arrive I put my stuff in the locker , grab my books, and head to first period. Once I arrive in the first one there so I go to my seat and remove my smile with a sigh and just start reading my book, after about five minutes later the bell rings and everyone starts walking in. 
It was now lunch and I was walking to the table I always sit with my friend Lilly. Everyone tried to persuade me to sit with them but I would just smile and say maybe another day. "Hey Ariana" Lilly says with a smile, "hey tilly" I answer using the nickname I gave her. " nothing much hey Aaron invited me to this party in friday like  o my gosh!" Tilly says with a little shriek. Well you see she's had this huge crush on this jock , Aaron. "Really? that's really good tilly" I sat with a small smile. "I know right?!" She answers. I just smile while she keeps on blabing about Aaron. 
Finally the end of the day, although I would really stay here than listen to my parents talking about how they wish they never had me and that in just trying to waste their money. With  a sigh I start walking back to my house. Once I arrive I see this black corvette parked infront of my house. I question it before shrugging. I open my house door and put my stuff down. "I gave you enough days to get my fucking money where the fuck is it, James?!" I hear this man shouting at my dad. I quietly stay in the hallway trying to gear what all this is about. " I-I'm rr-rally ss-orr-y Jake I-I don't h-aave ii-t" my father stutters. What the hell is going on? " Well you're going to pay really-" I decide to cut the Jake guy off by stepping in the living room where they're at. My father's head quickly snaps in my direction and I kind of cower down but still stay standing there. Meanwhile Jake takes a few seconds to notice me and once he does he stares me up and down for a few minutes before smirking and turning to my dad. "I know how you could repay me, James"
Alisha's P.O.V 
Beep
Beep
Beep
"Ugggghhhh" I groan. I turn off my stupid alarm clock and stare at it.  6 o'clock. School is in 3 hours. But I like to get there early so I can avoid "the populars". I get out of bed and head for the shower. I strip of my clothes and let the water consume me. I love showers! Oh I guess I should tell you about myself. 
Well my name is Alisha Johnson. I'm 16 and 5 foot 1. Yes I know I'm short but I don't care. My dad is loving and so is my mom. However they can be a little rude, but they really don't care what I do as long as I'm safe. My brother, he is the best. He's a year older than me and honestly I can't ask for a better brother. He's protective over me but not over protective. Yes I'm a good girl and a nerd. I get really good grades. Never under an A-. Well other than gym in which I got a B+. I'm hoping to go to Harvard Medical University so I can leave this town. Oh right, I live in a little town in California. Don't get me wrong, I love it here, but I want to explore places! But I will always love the boiling heat and un sleep-able nights (can you hear the sarcasm?)! 
I get out of the shower and put on some clothes. My first day of school outfit consist of a black dress that goes down just above my knees. It has a floral print with roses and  its spaghetti strap. I slip on my black converse and I'm ready to go. 
My hair and makeup is very natural. I curled my hair into loose waves that fall nicely against my back. My hair is long and brown. My eyes are hazel brown and my skin is pale but a little tanned. For eye shadow, I put in a light, shimmery, gold that blends in with my skin. Then I go ahead and do a winged liner. I put mascara on, and light red lipstick, and then I apply some lipgloss. I smile at myself in the mirror. I admit I'm not pretty, but I'm not ugly. Let's say I'm...decent; or acceptable. But I'm very insecure. 
I sigh and rush downstairs. I make myself a Nutella and bread sandwhich and eat it peacefully. I look at the time and it's 7:30. I get my things and wake up Mike. 
"Mike. Mike! Mikey! Hey Mickey Mouse wake up! Walt Disney is here to see you!" I say while giggling. 
"Huh? Walt Disney? What? Ugh!" He groans. 
"Mike seriously! It's 7:30 and I want to leave in 45 minutes!" I say while shaking him. 
"Oh fine! Ugh I hate getting up!" He says and sits on my bed. I smile at him and we hug. 
"Yeah I know big bro," I say into his chest. That's when I realize he was shirtless. But i didn't really care because I've seen him shirtless many times. He had a 6 pack because he worked out so much. 
He walks to his bathroom while I run downstairs. I take this time to check my social media. You know Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat! Not many people followed me; but that was because I wasn't popular like Mike. I didn't mind it though. I liked being unnoticed, most of the time.
After I'm done checking social media, I look at the time, 8:10. He should be down in 5 minutes. I flip on the tv and watch the news, then my eyes fall on a picture. It was me, my former best friend and Mike. When we were little. Her name is Nina. 
Before you go all sad, chill. She is still alive! It's just, after Rebecca Patterson talked to her, well they became best friends, and she left me. We still talk and all, but not like we used to in freshman year. I miss her though. We were best friends since we were 3 years old! The one good thing is that she doesn't bully me and she tries to tell Rebecca not to bully me too. Tries. She still does. 
I snap out of my trans when Mike calls me. His dark brown hair is all messy but it suits him. He was wearing jeans, a striped shirt and converse. Mike is my ride. Don't get me wrong, I have a licence but I prefer not to drive. I only drive on certain occasions. 
We get into the black Lamborghini and drive to school. Yes we are rich but we don't have a ginormous house with maids and butlers. Our house is normal size. My parents are saving the money for university.
We park in the parking lot and get out. Mike has football practice so we hug and say our farewells and head our separate ways. I go to the library and unlock it. I know what you're thinking, did you steal the keys? No. The librarian, who likes to be called by her first name Anna, by people she likes (me), gave me the spare keys cause I get here early. She knows I'm responsible and when things aren't always great, we talk. Yes she is old...maybe in her 60? But she is strong. She is like my grandmother. 
I head inside and study. I don't have a test or anything I just study for future references. I check the time and it's 8:50. I sigh. School will start in 10 minutes. That's when Anna came in. We greet each other and she hands me some coffee. That how we work. I unlock the doors and she brings me coffee. 
I say bye and head off to my first class, math. Don't get me wrong I love math but it's hard. I get in my seat at the back. Where I can't be seen. I look over my homework and that's when the teacher comes in. 
"Hello Ms. Johnson," he says. 
"Hello!" I smile and respond. 
Then all the other students come in. Chattering and laughing. I sigh. I used to be like that. But it all changed after freshman year. I see Nina and Becca talking and giggling. She sees me and smiles. I give her a small smile and then look away. I admit I'm mad at her. Even though I said I wasn't. I really was. But she doesn't know that. If I tell her she will hate me. I'm fine being a nobody. I just have to survive this last year of school and I'm out! 
The teacher starts talking about math. Reviewing and what not. I just put in my headphones and listen to music. He knows I understand everything and that I get bored, so he just gives me worksheets and once I'm done I listen to music. Everybody gets up and gathers there things, that my signal that the bell has rung for second period. History, here I come.
---------------
Authors Note (A/N)
Did you like it? Hope you did! And don't worry, there will be more exciting things other than school, trust me...
Stay tuned! 
Keep reading! 
And bye!
"Soaf...please" he said while his blue eyes were gazing into mine."I....I have to go." I said shocked after what had happened just now.
Somehow I got out of his grip took the file which fell on the floor when he pinned my hands on the wall and ran out of the classroom.
"soaf...soaf" his voice faded as I ran out of the classroom.
What has just happened! I was in deep shock. What the hell is wrong with him? He kissed me. Raymond Reynolds...the most popular boy of the school just kissed me. Why would he kiss me...he didn't even know my name two weeks ago.
These thoughts kept swaying in my head as I rushed towards home. As soon as I got home I didn't talk to anyone. I went to my room locked it.
I couldn't sleep whole night. Thoughts in my mind didn't let me. Though I found Ray is very sweet and caring by heart he never showed that. But still why did he kiss me?
________________________________________
In school, I was keeping books in my locker as I saw a tall shadow, someone was standing behind me. A hand held my waist smoothly. I stood still.
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down goddamit!
-----------------------------------------
Hey guys!Its my first time I'm writing a story.I'm pretty nervous and sorry if I made any mistakes , I am not so good at English.
Please read, vote and comment and also share!!Thank you :-)Enjoy your day!!
FULL SUMMARY: 
❝You're not my boss.❞ 
❝Actually, I kind of am.❞ 
Zoey Hunter was always one to hold herself up to a high standard, and it showed. Her abundance of friends, perfect grades, and almost ideal family reflected her hard work, making her an object of jealousy for many.    But there was more to Zoey than what met the eye — hidden underneath the pressure to uphold her practically perfect image, was a girl determined to express herself.
 And she did just that with a mixture of two of hobbies  — paint and delivering mail.      Then she discovered Nico Forrest, a boy forced to get a job at his local post office, and the two were forced to bond over morning mail delivery. 
Soon, they saw each other much more often than they would have liked to.    What could go wrong? 
Everything.
-
prologue:
in which a girl and a boy deliver mail together. 
She put her head on his shoulder, because that is the only place that felt like home. Home was draining and filled with fights, but it was the only place she can come back to. It was also overflowing with warmth and pancake fights. Home was his smile of defeat after they fought, or the feeling of eccentric admiration she had for him every time he looked at her. His arms around her, it was rare. But she could never love him less. 
"Forrest?" She said. 
The boy stared at her paint covered hands and wished that he could wrap them around his own. He wished that sometimes, he could love her as much as he could. He wanted to show her that she was art, that she was a masterpiece that was worth more than being touched by an amateur artist like him; someone who could only draw outside the lines of hate and love. 
"Yeah?" 
Zoey smiled and put her hand in his, "you're an assholic person." She tainted his fingers with red, blue and purple. 
"I know," he grinned, "so are you. A little bit. But here we are, right, Hunter?" 
"Here we are." 
But even if she spoke like she understood, she knew that he could never truly be hers. 
With the hum of the wind in his ears, Nico squeezed her hand. To tell her how much he cared, to tell her how much he wished to stay in this moment, to tell her how scared he was of this. (Especially of this whole thing fucking up.) 
To her, he was all the colors in the world. 
To him, she was all the art in the world. 
To the world, there wasn't a better pair to mess up.
Staring down at the floor as I moved, walking through the sea of people without a sound. I made it soon enough to class and went to my seat near the window. As people started coming in, I started tuning them and their voices out, as I stared out the window. The sun shined brightly, it was giving off the kind of warmth that made you want to take a nap under it.
I watched as my classmates filled in the first two rows completely, leaving the whole third row that I was in empty. Slowly a frown formed on my face, as I pulled at the end of my pigtails that hung over my shoulders. I hated school so much, and just my luck I got my worst subject for my first period, Math. Leaning on my hands, I watched a bunch of guys come in loud and rowdy, thus earning a scowl from Mr. Roach.
Yes you heard right, his name is Mr. Roach just like the insect, and he was my Trig teacher. Mr. Roach is an old man in his late forties. He's not very tall and has a big belly, his black hair is almost fully white, and he hides his brown eyes with these big glasses. I guess you could say, he's a very strict teacher, because he doesn't play when he teaches. The only time you would see Mr. Roach smile is when he is teaching or talking about math. With everything else, he has his normal scowl on his face, that would scare anyone that sees it.
The bell for class to begin soon rang, and Mr. Roach stood up with a stack of papers. Those must be the graded tests from last Friday, and I closed my eyes. I just know I failed this test and I frowned down at my desk. Mr. Roach then stopped in front of my desk, and sat my test faced down, and I let out a small sigh. When he walked away, and I looked down. Slowly lifting my test peeking, a groan fell from my mouth, man another 60.
"Ok class, let's start."
First block always seemed to be the longest and hardest class. After we had finished out note taking, Mr. Roach said that we could take out test home and fix it, to get a better grade on it, if we needed to. When the bell had finally rung, I let out a breath that I was holding, getting my stuff together, standing up.
"Ms. King, please stay after."
Freezing in my spot, I stared at Mr. Roach and he took a seat at his desk. Looking down at the floor, I walked to his desk. He waited until everyone had left before he started talking.
"Can I see your notes."
Looking in my bag, I grabbed my math notebook handing it to him. He looked through it, and his eyebrows then rose up, and he sat it down.
"You take very good notes."
"Thank you."
"Melissa?"
Raising my head connecting eyes with him, he slid his glasses off.
"Yes?"
"So you find math hard?"
"Yes, Sir."
He leaned on his hands staring at me, he didn't have his usual scowl on his face.
"I see that you pay very close attention in class, but you are still struggling. What do you find the hardest?"
"The formulas, I just seemed to can't remember them."
"I see."
Lifting my head, he was tapping his chin with his index finger and I nibbled nervously on my lower lip.
"Melissa, would you like a tutor?"
My eyes widen, and I stared at him blankly for a moment.
"A tutor?"
"Yes, I have someone that is the top of my class, he could help you with the things you don't understand. Do you think that will help?"
Slowly I nodded my head, and he surprisingly gave me a smile leaning back.
"Ok, starting tomorrow, he will tutor you after school."
"Ok."
Mr. Roach then wrote me a note, seeing the bell had rung already. I don't remember it ringing again, but I took the note anyway. Quickly I went down the hall, the note in my hand.
A tutor huh, I wonder how this will go.
Bradley i Elisa byli kiedyś najlepszymi przyjaciółmi.Kiedyś to znaczy w przedszkolu.Teraz oboje są w liceum i praktycznie ze sobą nie rozmawiają.Elisa obraca się w gronie tak zwanych "nieudaczników", a Brad jest typowym popularnym sportowcem.Ich drogi łączą się ponownie kiedy chłopak łamie nogę podczas meczu koszykówki i potrzebuje kogoś do pomocy z nadrobieniem zaległości w szkole.W tym samym czasie Elisa zakłada się z najpopularniejszą dziewczyną w szkole, że znajdzie sobie chłopaka do czasu szkolnej potańcówki.Dwa problemy, które może rozwiązać tylko pójście na pewien układ.Ty pomagasz mi w lekcjach, a ja powiem ci jak poderwać faceta.
Blake's POV
I woke up to my alarm clock and I groaned, I slapped it and threw the covers off me. I shivered as the cool air hit my warm body. 
I got up and I walked to my bathroom that was in my room and I stripped. I took a shower and got out, I grabbed my toothbrush and toothpaste. 
I walked to my closet which was kinda big, I looked around at my stuff. We were towards the ending of first semester and I still didn't care about what I wore. 
I unplugged my iPhone from the charger and tucked it in the waistband of my jeans. I slung my book bag on my shoulder and headed downstairs.
Lacey was that girl who was oblivious to how gorgeous she was. Her mom is Latina while her dad was mixed with black and white. 
We met in sixth grade and haven't separated since, she was basically family. How we became friends is pretty funny but that's for later on.
I grabbed my skateboard and walked out through the gate, I closed it behind me and set my board down.
We finally got to our school campus and I kicked my board up catching it. I looked at the school building, Eastside High School. It was a big school, but not new at all. 
If you clicked on this story thank you so much I appreciate it. I hope that you will like this story I tried my hardest on this and I hope that you give it credit. It's just my first book so please don't judge. I will be updating soon so just vote on this and add it to your library to get notifications. Again Thank you for wanting to read this book. 
Lots of love, xSaddTeenx
1. Hắn : Kiều Gia Phong (ken)- 17 t body chuẩn 6 múi,đập troai, lạnh lùng, cao 1m8. Đai đen taewondo,karate,.v...v...sử dụng thành thạo các loại ám khí. Con trai cưng tập đoàn Kiều Gia đứng thứ 2 TG về mọi mặt. IQ:200/200. Bang chủ bang Devil , tên trong TGN là kevin
2.cậu: trần đình thiên ân(kin)-17t body chuẩn,đập troai,tỏa nắng , cao 1m7. Đai đen taewondo,.v...v...sử dụng thành thạo các loại ám khí, bạn thân hắn. Con trai cưng tập đoàn Trần Đình đứng thứ 5TG về mọi mặt. Phó bang Devil. IQ:190/200. tên trong TGN là Ranny
3.anh: Gia Hoàng Thiên Minh(kan)-17t body chuẩn,đập troai,nóng lạnh đủ cả, cao 1m75. Đai đen taewondo,karete,..v..v...sử dụng thành thạo các loại ám khí, bạn thân hắn.Thương em gái vô cùng (anh này mắc bệnh cuồng em gái ạ ), ai động đến em gái thì anh không th, tổng giám đốc của công ty trần gia , hoàng tử bí ẩn của anh quốc. phó bang Devil, tên trong TGN là kaito .( tạm thời thì nó chưa nhận anh là anh nhưng mà sau này thấy anh đổi thành họ gia nên cũng chấp nhận là anh )
4. Dương thiên phong( kun)-20t, anh họ nó, đập troai không thua kém 3 người trên, thương em vô cùng, coi nó như em ruột, bang chủ bang Demond, tên trong TGN là Jack. có tập đoàn xe hơi lớn nhất trên TG.
1. Nó: Gia Hoàng Thiên Băng(sarah)-16t đẹp như thiên thần, mang một vài nét phương tây, da trắng mịn màng, lạnh lùng như ai đó, cao 1m75. Đai đen taewondo,karate,..v..v..sử dụng thành thạo các loại ám khí và ám khí chính là dao. Em gái của anh, công chúa bí ẩn của anh quốc, chủ tịch của công ty T&B đứng đầu TG về mọi mặt. Bang chủ bang BIack Rose, biệt ranh trong TGN là Queen. 
2.cô: Mai Diệu Anh(mary)-16t , Xinh đẹp như thiên thần, thông minh tài giỏi với chỉ số IQ: 190/200. học siêu giỏi , quậy miễn bàn. đai đen Judo và sử dụng thành thạo kiếm nhật, súng , doi, vũ khí chính kiếm. nhị bang chủ bang BIack Rose, biệt ranh trong TGN là Mun . Bạn thân của nó, phó chủ tịch của công ty T&B (dạ cả 3 cùng thành lập ). con gái cưng của tập đoàn Mai Gia 
3. nhỏ : trịnh tuyết hà(anna)16t đẹp không thua kém 2 đứa bạn thân, thông minh học siêu giỏi luôn là con ngoan trò giỏi trong mắt thầy cô và ba mẹ nhưng đối với ae trong bang thì là ác quỷ (chị này tham gia bí mật nên ba mẹ không có biết) bạn thân nó, phó bang chủ bang BIack Rose, biệt ranh trong TGN là saphia chủ tịch của công ty T&B (dạ cả 3 cùng thành lập ). Công chúa của tập đoàn Trịnh gia. IQ:190/200
-Hiện tại thì cả ba chị cùng ở chung nhà của nó, anh thì đã về nước trước vì phải quản lý tập đoàn của nó và gia đình ( không ai biết người đứng đầu của tập đoàn T&B là ai hết vì chỉ gặp Kid thôi)
Disclaimer.  This story 'Out of Tune' (Title subject to change) including all characters, teasers, are copyrighted under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988. 
All rights are reserved by the owner and creator of this work @DelaneyBrenna (Username subject to change) manipulation, infringement of copyright.  Any infringement of this copyright is punishable by Law.
This novel is dedicated to all of the musicians whose songs have impacted my life.  Thank you for sharing your music with us.
Chapter dedicated to beingellie and trailer by savaannahhhh_ is posted above.
*Just in case you don't realize it, the majority of the bands in this story are completely fictional.  There may be references to real life musicians but the majority will not be real. 
Chapter 1: A Girl Like You
Music is a world within itself, with a language we all understand
-Stevie Wonder
For as long as I could remember, music had been a part of my life.  It was the little things that no one really noticed.  The rain on the windowsill, the wind in the trees, the tapping of a pencil against a desk.  Of course, it was in other, more ostentatious things too.  The strumming of a guitar, the radio playing in the car, my father humming under his breath as he tried to conjure up a new melody.
My dad had been a musician.  He wasn't overly popular, only having one hit album and playing at nightly bars and clubs to pay the bills.  But he loved his job, and that was what put a smile on his face.  I had always loved spending time with my dad.  There was just something about him that drew me in and made me never want to leave his side.  He was always so full of life and energy, that I had often felt his enthusiasm spreading onto me without a conscious thought. 
When I was nine, my parents got a divorce.  My mom had realized around that time that my father loved music far more than he would ever love her.  I wasn't sure if this was necessarily true.  My dad loved music, and he loved my mom.  However, what my dad wasn't good at was expressing his feelings in simple words.  Not once had I ever heard him tell her that he loved her.  But, while he couldn't say it so easily while speaking, his songs always could.  He never verified this, but I knew that the majority of the songs he wrote were about her.  Too often I had come across a verse or a chorus that sounded exactly like my mom. 
She was just unable to see it, or if she could, she decided not to acknowledge it.  She said that I was just naïve about the situation; I said that she was blinded by her newfound interest in the new male partner at her law firm.  Needless to say, I was grounded for about a month for that little remark. 
When I was eleven, I ran away from home to live with my dad.  By that time he'd been living in New York, my mom had been in back home in Nebraska.  My mom, who had remarried the man from her firm only two years after divorcing my dad, was, to say the least, extremely pissed at me.  I told her that I didn't want to interrupt her 'honey-moon' stage with my new step-dad.  I told her that I wanted to live in New York with my dad and, after nearly four months of arguing, crying, and numerous threats, I was granted my wish. 
I think my dad was happy that I was living with him.  It felt like the good old times, listening to music, commenting on the new groups and the old ones, and, of course, going down to the local watering holes every other night for a concert.  Life had never been more perfect for me.
At least, they were perfect for a while. 
I lived with my dad for three years.  I spent the summers and school breaks with my mom, and Brad, my step-dad, down in California.  In that time, my mom had gotten pregnant and given birth to my half-brother, Tyler.  Every time I visited with them I felt out of place.  They were the epitome of a perfect family, and then there was me. 
Ok Guys So I want to start a New story.
It's going to Be about a Bad Boy Which are like one of my top favorite stories.
By the way the 3 Girls From the top picture are Triplets that almost look nothing alike.
So yeah hope you enjoy it. I am excited to write this story by the way Also read 2 Boys and 1 girl And Boys Vs. Girls.
Love You All😜✌✌
**Well I was stuck on my other two books, so here's a preview of what's to come for my next girlxgirl book! Hope you enjoy it!**
I slammed my car door, double checking to make sure none of my stuff had managed to slip out during the close. Today was the day. I was finally leaving my mom's house for good.
"Zoey, are you sure you want to do this?" my mother said quietly as she stood in the doorway, hugging herself as if my decision was making her cold.
"Yes mom, I'm positive I want to go live with dad. You can't get mad at me for a decision like this," I sighed and pulled out my phone to see my dad had texted me.
"I know, I just... wish you would be more understanding of her..."
"I am mom," I said gritting my teeth, "Trish is nice, don't get me wrong. But I don't support this, and would rather live with dad who wouldn't try and convince me otherwise."
My mom looked down, even more hurt at what I had said. As bad as it seemed for me to somewhat "punish" my mom for her decision to be with another woman, I just was still trying to absorb the fact that she didn't love my dad as much anymore. You would think after being married twenty-five years would mean something, but I guess not.
"I'm sorry I let you down Zo," she spoke quietly and I saw tears fall from her eyes.
"Mom, you didn't," I said stepping towards her, "I just need time to adjust... that's all."
"You'll come back and see me from time to time yes?" she asked, trying to be a little more positive.
"Yes, but it probably won't be until the weekend with how school is going so far," I answered honestly.
"Okay honey," she said smiling and wiping her tears, "I love you."
"I love you too mom," I hugged her and quickly replied to my dad telling him I was on my way, "I'll call you later tonight once I'm settled in okay?"
She nodded as I saw Trish's car appear in the driveway. Perfect, this was what I was wanting to avoid...
"Are you leaving Zoey?" Trish asked softly while looking over at my mom.
"Yes," I said opened my car door, "I'll call later tonight."
"Okay," she replied and just walked over to comfort my mom, which was perfectly fine with me.
Driving over to my dad's left me with a million things on my mind. The whole guilt trip thing was trying to sink in and my mind was desperately seeking every possibility to trump it.
"Hey Zoey," my father said as I got out of the car and realized I was gripping the door frame a little too hard.
"Hi," I managed to get out and took a deep breath. This was going to be harder than I thought.
"Let me guess, Trish was there," he said offering me a hand with my bags.
"Yea, but it's not the fact that she was there... It was just that she was there," I groaned not really sure if I was making any sense to my father.
"I understand kiddo, it'll take some time getting used too," he sighed and opened the door to let me in, "you know where your room is right?"
I laughed, "dad I haven't been gone that long."
"I know," he chuckled, "just making sure. But I did add some stuff to your room, hope you don't mind too much."
I bit my lip and knew it had to be good! Running upstairs, I threw open my door and dropped my bags to see a computer now occupying my desk that used to just have pictures and papers strewn across it. Along with that, the room was now painted a light green with white sheets, making it way more colorful than what my old room had been.
"Thanks dad!" I called and started up my computer while unpacking some of my clothes into the drawers and closet.
 Footsteps sounded as my father stood outside my door, "hey Zo,"
"Yea?" I turned and waited for him to continue.
"Is it alright if I have some friends over tonight."
"It's your house dad, why would I care?" I laughed.
"I know," he said scratching his head, "but some of them are single girls,"
"Well hey that's great if you've already moved on dad," I said trying to figure if he had truly moved on from my mom yet or not.
"Oh I'm not interested in any of them Zoey, they're just good friends of mine," he ended with a grin, "but some of them are married and have kids your age. If you want to stick around tonight, I'll see if they want to bring their kids over?"
"Sure dad," I tried not to think of this as some arranged playdate since I was old enough to hang with people on my own, it was simply just a get together.
**Well here's the beginning of my next girlxgirl book! Just setting up the scene and characters for now. Won't be updating much until I can get farther in my other books, but I am hoping this one is as successful as Karma's A B*tch! Thanks everyone!!**
Drew Roy >> Mason Reynolds
Lily Collins >> Allyson Craine
AnnaSophia Robb >> Brie Evans
Lucas Till >> Laine Miller
Lucy Hale >> Collins Turner
Ansel Elgort >> Nate King
Jillian Rose Reed >> Gaby Smith
Tyler Posey >> Brett Cooper
Logan Lerman >> Grayson Paxton
This will be fun.
PHOTO OF ASTRID.
It was that time of year again. The time to pack up and leave, for another foster family. My parents died when I was 5. It sucks I know. I didn't even get to know them for long. I'm Astrid. I like music, I like cute boys, and mostly I like hard partying, and getting wasted as fuck. Yeah yeah, I know what your thinking I'm a bad influence. But I'm not. I have good grades and I'm very quiet. But not around my two best friends, Sarah and Jane. We are inseperable, and we like the same things. We're like sisters. I've moved a lot but not far from them. I told the foster home worker, Danielle, that I only want to go to the same school and keep in the same neighborhood. 
Fortunately, the neighborhood is very, very, large. Its like a small city, on its own. I have been put in 14 different foster homes in my entire lifetime since I was 5. I am now 17. My birthday isn't until the 11 September. I like my life and I would like to make the most out of it. I just wish, that I hadn't lost my parents. But there's nothing I can do now. I've learnt to cope with it. It was the last summer day and I had to go to school tomorrow. I got in bed early and had the best dream.
NEXT MORNING
BEEP. BEEP. BEEP. 
My alarm went off repeatedly. I slammed it hard and sat upright. I was excited to go back to school and see all my friends but was so freaking tired. I was so hungover. Not from just last night but all summer, I had a blast. 
I got up and brushed my teeth and got in the shower. I got out of the shower, and picked my outfit. It was black converse and a dark blue crop top and white ripped skinny jeans. I like casual clothes, and not stuff too tight. I do wear short dresses and heels, but I don't look like a slut. 
I made my way downstairs, and ate breakfast with Mr. and Mrs. Smith. I didn't get to know them well, cause I have to leave soon. Again. 
I said my goodbyes, and headed to school. Before I got out of my car, I got a text from Danielle, and as I read it, I drove off to my secret park, and when I got there, I totally broke down. 
AUTHORS NOTE.HEY GUYS. THIS IS MY SECOND BOOK. YOU CAN ALSO READ, VAMPIRE UNBITTEN. THANKS FOR READING MY BOOK. 
If I had to name a time when I had a life altering experience, there would only be one that comes to mind. I could describe the events like it was yesterday. As a matter of fact, it was yesterday. It was during the summer after tenth grade to be exact. I was sitting outside on the porch swing rocking back and forth while reading The Prince and The Pauper by Mark Twain. 
One of the joyous mandatory summer reading requirements before twelfth grade. Yes, I know you're probably wondering why I'm reading something for twelfth grade when I just finished tenth? Well maybe it's because at the request of my parents, the school tested me. Seems that not only am I way ahead of my fellow tenth graders, I also surpassed the eleventh graders causing them to skip me ahead an entire year.
At sixteen years old, I'll be a senior in High School, how fortunate. Anyway, luckily I'm a nerd so I enjoy reading; it helps me escape my boring nonexistent social life. I spent a majority of the summer away at camp just arriving back home this morning. There's only about a week left of summer before school starts up again, I'm not looking forward to it.
Roughly it was around seven in the evening, we just finished eating dinner. It was still light out; the sky painted a beautiful orange haze. My parents were inside watching television enjoying the central air, while I was sitting outside in the sweltering heat. Not that I'm complaining, I love this type of weather. We've been experiencing a heat wave for the past week, with temperatures in the hundreds.
The neighborhood bustled with life and activity as kids were out bike riding and playing tag. The teens were just hanging out around our little cul-de-sac. 
"Honey, be a doll and walk these next door to the Evan's will you?" Mom asked, poking her head out the front door.
She thrust a plate of chocolate chip cookies into my lap and shut the door quickly as to not let any precious cold air escape. I rolled my eyes as I breathed out a sigh, shoving the bookmark in to hold my page I placed the book on the swing and got up. Trudging my way down the porch steps, I made my way over to the Evans'.
Mom is a really close friend of Mrs. Evans seeing how they are in the same cooking club. They always share recipes and baked goods with one another. We've lived next door to the Evans all my life. It's Mr. and Mrs. Evans and their son Tristan, who just so happens to be two years older than I am. He's eighteen and will also be a senior in high school.
I rang the doorbell once and waited patiently for someone to answer. After a couple minutes and no response I rang it again and again, this time tapping my foot impatiently on the step. Alrighty then, I guess nobody's home considering the fact that I've been standing out here for the past five minutes looking like an idiot.
The chocolate chips in the cookies are probably melted. Oh well, guess this means more cookies for me, yum! 
"No way man. I was already within the goal!" A male voice shouted loudly. "I totally scored."
"Nah, you were out." Another deep male voice commented. This voice sent chills up my spine, there was a bit of familiarity to it. Hmm, seems as though it came from the back of the house. I drifted towards the backyard and peeked through the gaps of the picket fence. I watched six shirtless guys running around playing a game of flag football; Tristan included.
It was at that exact moment I realized just how hot my next door neighbor is. Why haven't I noticed this before? Have I been living under a rock? Just watching the way each and every one of his muscles flexed as he ran made me shiver with delight. The way his sterling gray eyes shined with happiness and his short spiky brown hair was full of sweat, shouldn't have turned me on the way it was. We don't really speak to one another...ever. You wouldn't actually say we were both on the same spectrum of the social ladder. Tristan is Mr. Popularity, athletic, well-liked, good looking, and full of jokes. He's captain of the soccer team, hence the reason for the Greek god-like body.
Friends with benefits doesn't work, there's even been a film to prove it.
But that's not what this is.
This is no strings sex, we're not even friends.
"Good Afternoon, Mr.Santos." I said to my boss as I walked into my job. He is a short Hispanic man around his mid or late 40's. I've been working in his store most of the summer and I have to say I like it here. When I told my parents I got a job at a corner store they wasn't to fond of the idea, but I convinced them to let me have this job. Mr. Santos says I'm one of his best workers he has ever had.
"Look we got something we need to talk about." He looked at me with sadness and seriousness in his face. "Hold on." I said while picking up Tre and putting him in the smaller crib next to us. RJ sat up on the bed with his back on the headboard. I came up and straddled him. "What did you want to tell me?" I ask with his face in my hands. "Imma need you and him to move out and find a place." I put my hands down and stared at him in shock. "What? Why?" I asked with tears welling up. "You just have to go, it's not safe for you or him." He rubbed his face with his hand. "So it's safer for us to be by ourselves? Okay. I COMPLETELY understand. " I got up and started packing my things. Within 3 hours everything was packed and my nose was sore from sniffling and my eyes red and puffy from crying. I grabbed Tre and put him in his carrier. I grabbed all our bags and put them in the car. I came back to get Tre. "Tre say bye to daddy cause I don't think you'll be seeing him anytime soon." I grabbed the carrier and walked on the porch. RJ was standing in the door. I threw him the house key. "Bye Royce. See you around. Be safe." I left with a face that was flooded with tears. I put Tre in the backseat carefully and proceeded to get in my car. I backed out of the driveway and left not knowing where to go. I was now a heart broken girl with a newborn, with no defined place to go.
Well...
This is my very first story, And I hope u'll like it. For ur information I'm not American or British or whoever also speak English , so u'll find lots of mistakes, and I only know simple words , so ya. :I Also, I don't write to get everyone's attention or anything like that, I just wanted to try the feeling of being a writer, I've always wanted to try nd write something but I always fail maybe cuz I'm more of a reader than a writer.. who knows xD. So at last, I hope I won't fail at this.
---WARNING---( The story may hold some sexual contents )
Again hope u enjoy my story thanks for ur time. :)
"huy....Pansinin mo naman ako ohh...Yuhoooo Kuya" ang snob naman ng kuya'ng to!! 20 minutes ko ng kinukulit ayaw pa rin akong pansin😒
I'm Kath Rodreguez, 4th year high school at andito ako sa building ng college...sa harap ng nag aaral na si Jake Sy to be exact!...wala naman silang prof. At iilan lang naman ang studyante ngayon dito kaya wala ng hiya hiya! At kung tatanungin ang klase ko? Edi puslit😂😂
"Kuya?? Kuya?? Huy ang suplado mo naman! Hmf!!!"irap ko sakaniya
Napaka snob..tsk! Pasalamat siya at kailangan ko ang tulong niya!!
"WHAT?!"halos mapatalon ako sa biglang pasigaw na tanung niya
Ngumiti naman ako,kahit kinakabahan
"Hehehe k-kailangan ko kasi ng tulong mo"awkward kong sabi
Napa face palm naman siya dahil sa sinabi ko
"Busy ako! Wala akong panahon sa mga p----"
"Waaaahhh kuya kailangan ko ang tulong mo...please...luluhod ako sa harap mo kung maaari"paawa effect ko pero joke lang yung luhod line😂
"Damn!!! Tawagan mo ang parents mo"inis niyang bulyaw at tinalikuran ako
"Eeehhh hindi pwedi...alam mo naman"sabi ko habang nakasunod na sakaniya palabas ng classroom nila
"Tsk..."tanging bulalas niya at nagmadaling maglakad
Waaaahhh hindi pwediii
"KUUYYAAAAA NAMAAAANN....SIGE KAY MARK NA LANG AKO MAGPAPATULONG...I HATE YOU"sigaw ko ng malayo na siya saakin
Hmmm...alam kung di ako matitiis nun!
Tinalikuran ko na ang daan kung saan siya at nagsimula ng maglakad...ngunit hindi pa nagdadalawang minuto ay may humila na sa braso ko dahilan kaya napahinto ako sa paglalakad!
"Ano nanaman ba kasing ginawa mo?"bored niyang tanung
Napangiti naman ako ng bonggang bongga😊😊
"KUYA!!"
"Well done Jess," was the congratulations that came as her test paper dropped on her desk. Smiling back at her calculus teacher amidst the nerves, she quickly checked her paper to see a 99% and she groaned to herself. 
Where was the remaining 1% and where did she go wrong? Couldn't she have gotten a 100% instead. 
She didn't have much time to muse and bleed over her result as in the next second, the bell was ringing for a change of class. Grudgingly, she packed all of her books back into her bag, carefully folding her paper into half and placing it in her bag. 
Just as the rest of antsy students stood up, already going out of class before the teacher could dismiss them, she stood up and followed the throng of students to the crowded hallways. 
Finally navigating her way amongst the many students who didn't understand that the hallways wasn't a meeting place for you to catch up with your friends thereby causing traffic, and also those that didn't understand that the hallway also wasn't a place to walk slower than a snail on the move. It was always so annoying Jess felt like screaming. Each time she tried to shove someone out of the way, another comes up thereby pushing her backwards. It was a miracle how she wasn't bruised every time she passed the hallway. 
So much for her class president title, she wished she had a staff like that of Moses and was able to just say magic words like "open sesame" and the crowd would just part for her like the red sea. That would be so much easier for her, but nobody ever respected her or her title. 
Victorious, she got to her locker and dumped her calculus note which she would retrieve when it was closing time, and she took the next subject she had. French. Just as she turned after slamming her locker shut, to head for the class before she was late, someone hit her. Like elbow hit against the back of her head. Just as she raised her head to check whoever it was, she saw her number one most hated enemy. 
Davian Grey West. School resident bad boy and football captain of the school. He was the reason the school have always come first in every match from regional to nationals, and he was also the one person/thing she hated than seeing F-although he was starting to come first.
What was he doing right beside her anyways? She was so sure his locker was on the other end so what did he want? 
"Jessica." he began sounding the very bit of the cocky moron that he is. 
Through gritted teeth, Jess bit her lip in anger as she stretched her neck up to talk to him. "Davian, it's Jess NOT Jessica. How many times do I have to tell you that?" for such a dull person, he was pretty stupid. 
Looking behind him, she saw the normal two that tailed after him like dogs on a leash. The two behind him, one blonde, the other a brunette were both sporting Letterman's jacket apart from Davian who had on a leather jacket and blue ripped jeans-as was the normal outfit he had on everyday, Jess was starting to doubt he did have any other clothes. 
He shrugged, leaning against the locker beside hers, "What's the difference—Jessica, Jess, both sounds the same to me." He turned to the two beside him who nodded to what he said like it made sense. It didn't! 
"There's a difference you dweeb!" she cut in annoyed that he was arguing over her own name and the fact that he was making her late for her next class. "What is it you want West?" she said with a clipped tone. 
"Ooh scary," he teased running his hands through his disconnected undercut of his curly black hair. 
"Davian, I'm not in the mood for one of your silly jokes. As you can see, I'm running late for class unlike you who has nothing to do. So, if you'll please excuse me," and she made to start walking away form Davian, her bag clutched to her chest thinking she was finally free from the idiot before she was dragged back by the idiot himself. 
She huffed rolling her eyes while shrugging off his hands form her arm. "What?" she puffed out annoyed. With his brooding eyes and his hands still holding her arm, his sky blue eyes pierced down on her. 
"Don't forget this moment because you'll be seeing a lot of me as from today, Jessica." and as if she hadn't tried to correct him, he enunciated her name and when done with the effect, he released her and walked off as students in the hall parted for him. While Jess angrily stared at him as he walked away, the bell rang for the next class. 
"Shoot!" she cussed rushing to get to the class. She was never late and now she was and it was all due to the Jerk!! 
First chapter!!! Vote and comment if you like it! ♡
WARNING: The following story is not well-written. I strongly advise against reading it. It's a cheap rip off of Mean Girls and several other teen films. I'm not proud of it. However, if you're a fan of plot holes, cliche characters and ridiculous amounts of drama, go ahead. Read at your own risk.
---------------
"Seriously, Dad, can’t we stop off and get Taco Bell or something? I’m starving."
Brad Webb sat back against the soft material of the seat and folded his arms. They’d been travelling for over three hours now in the stuffy old car, and the time was nearing 6 o’clock in the evening. The sun was about to set, transforming the sky into a warm orange colour, but the air in the car was hot and sticky, making it unpleasant to breathe.
"You’re always starving," Brad’s sister, Olivia, who was also sat in the back of the beat up old Nissan car, pointed out. She had her sketch book out on her lap, with a pencil in her hand, although the constant jolts as a result of the bumpy road and the old car were not helping her drawing. "But come on, Dad, are we nearly there yet or what?"
"We’ll be there in practically two minutes," their Dad answered. "The house is around here somewhere. I recognise the area from when the estate agent showed me."
"I don’t even see why we had to move in the first place." Brad rolled his eyes. "Our life was fine back in New York. My band mates were there. Olivia was still a nerd back in our other school. And you were happy there."
"We’ve already discussed this, Brad. I’m not talking about it now. It’s not as if we can turn around and drive back to New York anyway, even if we wanted to."
There was a silence as the words hung in the air, almost visible.
"Once I’m old enough I’ll be clearing off there anyway. Don’t think I’m sticking around here any longer than I need to." Brad narrowed his eyes at the front seat, and then looked behind him at all the bags packed into the boot of the car.
"If my guitar’s getting crushed in there, you’re going to be dead."
"’Cause that guitar’s definitely my top priority," Dad rolled his eyes. "It’ll be fine. Stop your complaining, we’re almost there."
The car continued along the road, which was surrounded by typical suburban houses. They could’ve been anywhere in the world, any street would’ve looked the same. Except maybe New York. Their father braked suddenly as they approached a turning. "Maybe it’s this one down here," he muttered to himself.
Soon, they were driving through a huge area that contained many houses, so big they were more like mansions, with long stretching areas of woodland and gardens behind. The houses loomed above them, making everything else seem smaller. Usually in a residential area, there would be people outside, or at least some sign of life, but the place seemed eerily empty, although the houses were visibly occupied. There was no one on the field of lush green grass that was the centrepiece of the area, which had obviously just been mowed and was displaying a perfect vertical line pattern, no children on bikes or playing outside, no one out in front gardens mowing lawns or doing gardening, no cars except their own anywhere to be seen.
"This isn’t it, surely?" Olivia stared out the window, her pencil poised in mid air above her sketchbook. "This can’t be it."
"You didn’t say it was like this!" Brad was looking out of the window too, a hint of excitement displayed on his face. "The houses are huge! The whole place is freaking huge! I can’t believe this is it!"
"This isn’t it," their father said, suddenly shattering the atmosphere in the car. "No, this definitely isn’t it. You think we could afford something like this?" He gestured towards the huge houses, at least three or four storeys high, complete with balconies and towering pillars by the front doors. "I’ve just made a wrong turning, is all."
"Oh." Olivia looked back to her sketch book, but she wasn’t in the mood for drawing any longer. She closed it and placed it on the seat next to her, then turned back to continue looking out the window as their Dad made a U-turn and drove away towards the exit.
A few moments later, they were in a different road, one of a dramatic contrast to the one they had just visited. The narrow road was lined with typical suburban houses, each one more ordinary and disappointing than the last. The car slowed down as it approached number 24, before pulling into the driveway. Their father turned the engine off and paused for a second, breathing in the tense silent atmosphere that was consuming the inside of the car. He then shoved open the car door and climbed out, looking at the house as if it was a palace, or at least a considerable amount better than it looked to Olivia and Brad.
"You have got to be kidding me," Brad scoffed, slamming the car door behind him as he got out of the car. "You traded our apartment in New York for this pile of crap? Are you insane?"
Dad ignored him as he fumbled in his pocket, found the keys and then walked up to the front door, jangling them cheerfully as he went.
Inside, the house didn’t get much better. The walls were painted an off-white colour that had since faded to a murky pale yellow. The rooms were empty, and the fact that the carpets had been ripped up to expose the bare floorboards made them seem even more devoid.
"Well, this is… nice," Olivia said, plastering a smile on her face, which was so transparent even her Dad would be able to see through it, although he did not seem to notice this.
"It’ll be lovely and homely once we get the furniture in it," their Dad said, wandering around the bare lounge and peering around the room, his face showing no sign of the disappointment that Olivia and Brad were feeling. "Speaking of the furniture, has the removal van arrived yet?" He leaned over to peer out of the window, before leaving the room to go outside.
Brad then walked through the door to join Olivia in the room, his arms folded over his chest and his face clearly brandishing his annoyance. After a few seconds, he said, "You’re not seriously going to pretend to Dad that you like this place, are you?"
Olivia looked at him and raised her eyebrows. "Well, what else am I meant to do? Act like a stroppy brat like you’re planning to do?"
Brad rolled his eyes. "I’m just making a point. Expressing my opinion, right?"
"I think you’ve expressed it enough," Olivia sighed. "He’s only doing what’s best for us."
"What’s best for you, actually. I mean, why else would we move to a whole other state for no apparent reason except the fact that you got a scholarship to some snotty private school?"
"It’s not just a snotty private school," Olivia corrected him. "Serenity Falls is one of the best high schools in the whole country, a place dedicated to the sole purpose of providing the best education possible in…"
"Uh, yeah, more nerd talk. Whatever. It’s still just a school."
"You wouldn’t understand."
"Well, who cares? You’re going to be a nerd whatever school you go to, so does it even make any difference?"
"Yes. It makes all the difference."
"Whatever. I’m clearing off. There’s got to be something interesting to do around here."
Olivia folded her arms. "You’re not even going to help unpack? Dad’s going to need you to help bring the furniture in, you know."
"He can do it himself. Serves him right. Bye." He shrugged loosely as he left the room, sliding his hands into his jean pockets after slamming the door behind him.
Olivia was left in the room on her own, staring around it as she listened to the sounds of her father outside talking to the removal men. She stepped towards the window sill, which was faded and worn. Upon closer inspection, she noticed a small carving in the corner of the wood, which could be read as the initials FT + CM, enclosed in a wobbly heart. She pored over it for a second, tracing her finger over the indentation in the wood, trying to imagine any sort of life in this dull house. Looking up, she could see her father standing by the removal van, watching as the big bulky men pulled down the ramp and began unloading the first of the furniture – her chest of drawers and the old but comfy sofa. The sofa was brought in, carried through the hallway and squeezed through the doorframe, and placed in the lounge. It brought with it a familiar aroma – one of cosiness, musk and traffic. Home.
She sat there for a couple of minutes, and I noticed a tear rolling down the side of her face. She looked over at me. Then quickly wiped it away. She hated whenever I watched her cry. She told me she still hadn't gotten over my "daddy's" death. But, the real reason was because she had endured so much pain from my step daddy, that every now and then she'd find herself crying. And sometimes the tears come without warning. He had caused so much trouble to her, that she never found it in her to trust any and every man she'd grown to love after him. 
He was everything she dreamed of. The perfect body shape, the perfect chocolate skinned tone body, a low cute fade, a diamond in his left ear, and he dressed in the most excessive appearance. But, he treated her horribly. He would beat her constantly, almost as if it was a priority among his schedule. She was not allowed to speak to him, unless spoken to. When he spoke, she was demanded to speak back. But if he hadn't spoken to her, she'd better keep her mouth shut. For, she could end up in a whirl of trouble. And although her friends tried on numerous occasions to convince her to leave, she would always tell them there was no way in hell she would leave her man. "I don't need y'all to be lecturing me. When the time is right, I'll leave. But as for now, this is where I belong." She would tell them. 
You see, she loved him dearly, so much that she'd become used to the abuse, and the person he portrayed to her, in fact, she expected it. But, that was the problem. She had fallen in love with his looks, but not his heart. She admired his appearance, but she never knew of what he was capable of. I mean, who does? Who could really tell what somebody is capable of? 
"But, I've known him for so long. For too long. I never thought he would hit me." I heard her crying one night, while on the phone. 
You can know somebody like the back of your hand, and still not know of what they're capable of. 
Our family warned her of the man she'd agreed to spend the rest of her life with, when they tied the knot. They knew of the road she was headed down. But, she didn't care, or pay no mind. She believed that it was no body's issue for whom she loved. That it wasn't their problem, and it shouldn't be. She sent out many reminders that if the family couldn't accept her relationship, with him, then she would no longer step in their presence, or exchange words. But, before she could make this move, she had already been erased from the family. They wanted nothing to do with her, nor him. Although, she was unaware of our family's sudden absence in her life. They didn't notify her, they just stopped sharing communication, and stopped coming around. 
She hadn't spoken to our family in years, but, after she had me, they'd call non stop, checking in on us. I over heard my Aunt Rita saying that they'd call so much because they knew my mama didn't meet the standards of being a mother. "Janis?! A mother?! That's one job she'll never be good at," Aunt Rita would say. Everybody in my family always saw my mama as less than she was and looked down on my mama, and her ability to be a mother. That's because she was once hooked on drugs. Cocaine to be exact. My family always made her feel like she wasn't good enough, or like she'd never be anything. Even when she did stop, they were not there for her. So why did they have so much to say?! 
          A/N:  Thanks to Stawberry Designs for making this awesome book cover!!!         
          I was beginning to find myself in the middle of a Taylor Swift song.  Especially now, as my best friend and greatest crush, Jackson Miller, sits on the outside bleachers with his arm slung across head cheerleader , Kristina Walker.  She was perfect for him, Jackson had said when he came over to my house, completely whipped over her.  His grin was a little bit bigger, and his eyes sparkled with an intensity I had never seen before.  I guess I didn’t know how exhilarating dating a cheerleader was.  Jackson made it seem like it was the best thing on earth, that’s for sure.
          But despite his lovesick attitude, I figured she was another one of those short-term girlfriends he got that lasted for about a week.  But after three months of going strong, I knew I had a problem on my hands.  Kristina was ruining the plan.
          The plan was to admit my undying love for Jackson on prom night.  Then after he admits he’s been in love with me too, and we kiss under the moonlight, we’ll graduate as a couple, get engaged during college, and have three kids by 2021.  Simple as that.
          Kristina, though, was not part of the plan.  In fact, with prom coming up in a few months, I might not get the opportunity to tell him.  So the only way things could stay according to plan is if the so-called ‘happy couple’ break up.  And since it’s not looking like they’ll be breaking up anytime soon, I figure the best option is if I step in for them.  If only I could figure out how to do so.
          “Addelyn!”
          Suddenly, I’m jolted out of my thoughts and back into reality, where a baseball game is taking place.  The PE teacher stares at me.  “Addelyn, are you deaf?  Get up to bat!”
          I sigh.   Baseball was my worst sport.  I never made it to first base.  Not even once.
          I reach home plate and roll my eyes once I realize whose pitcher:  Weston Brooks.  The one guy who’s taken it upon himself to make my life as horrible as possible.  And word on the street is he just recently broke up with Tracy Adams, which means he’ll be giving me exclusive attention.  Wonderful.
          When Weston sees me take a few practice swings in the air, he tilts his head back in laughter, dark hair shaking in rhythm with his chuckles.  “Bring it in, boys.  Easy out.”
          I growl as a few of the other players laugh along with him.  I’m sure if Kristina was up to bat, they guys wouldn’t say one word to her.  She was blonde, pretty, and popular.  No one cared if she swung like a three year old.  Me being brunette, unpopular, and having a pair of wide, thick-rimmed glasses perched on my nose, made me a target for mockery no matter what I did. 
          “I’m going to throw this real slow and maybe, if you try hard, you’ll be able to only miss it by ten feet.”  Weston smirks.  “But don’t strain yourself.”
          I roll my eyes again, and for a quick second, I let them flicker over to Jackson and Kristina.  I gasp slightly when I see them attached at the mouth, like hungry, rabid animals.  Not good.  So not good.
          Once I force myself to look away, I see Weston staring over at them too.  A pained look passes over his face, and I swear I see him grimace. But then, he turns away bringing his attention back on me.
          Of course!  Kristina and Weston used to be a couple, back in the beginning of the year.  Apparently, Weston called off the relationship because he was interested in the new foreign exchange student, Gabriella, from Italy.  But when Gabriella cheated on him with the football quarterback, he immediately regretted leaving Kristina.  But she had already moved on.
I wake up to my alarm buzzing.
Its another day at Crystal High, another boring day at Crystal High.
I hear my phone vibrate. I sigh and open the message.
Derek: want me to pick you up today.? Megan won't be able to, she's going to the dentist today.
Oh shit, I completely forgot about that. 
Me: yeah sure I'll be ready in 30 mins. See you then. Bye xo ;) lmao.
Derek: aight :) xoxo
I giggle to myself.
Don't get the wrong idea. No, Derek and I are not dating, nor will we ever be. He's one of my best friends, we are just really close, and no nothing like the way you are thinking.
After I get out of bed, I walk to my bathroom and quickly take off my clothes and turn on the shower. I wait for a few minutes for the water to get warm.
After it does, I step in, and start bathing myself, washing my hair with my strawberry shampoo. 
After about 15 minutes I get out, wrapping a towel around me and walking to my closet. 
Deciding on leggings and my oversized mickey and Minnie mouse sweater with some black flats. Its getting colder. Its already October for chris sakes. 
After I finished getting changed, I let my long wet hair be down for today, I didn't feel like doing much to it.
I apply some mascara and lip chap.
I hear a honk and knew that was Derek.
I hear my phone vibrate on top of my wooden desk.
Derek: I'm here, babe. Xoxo ;)
Me: I'm coming. I'm coming. Xo
I grab my bag, phone, and headphones and stuff the items in my bag. 
I start walking down the hallway and downstairs to find my little brother, Toby eating animal crackers and watching Sponge Bob. 
"Bye, Toby, I'll see you soon" I told him.
He waves goodbye and continues to watch television.
Before I walk out, I made sure my parents were home. They are in their room, still sleeping.
They are both lawyers and are usually not even home. But today was different. I'll ask them later about it. 
I walked out of their room and open the front door to walk out. 
I spot Derek's 1996 red mustang in my driveway.
He is typing on his phone and when he looks up and sees me walking toward his car, he smiles and waves.
He unlocks the car door and I open it and sit into the comfy leather seat.
Man, how much I love his car. I also need a car..
We drove in comfortable silence.
Our school is only about 10 minutes away from my house so it gave us plenty of time to not be late.
Technically, because our school starts at 8am.
We arrived at the school at 7:45
After Derek finally found a parking spot, we climbed out of his car, and we made our way into the schools entrance.
We walk inside the building, Ugh let's just start this hellhole already 
  *********Hey,, okay so this is my first ever book I have legit wrote. Hope you like it. Like/Vote/Comment.Give it a chance please 
Love ya, Ana.
All Rights Reserved. No part of this story can be copied or replaced without consent.
My first thoughts when I walked into Pizza Star? My aunt is crazy. My Aunt Lisa told me that I could get a job here because she knows the owner. She also told me that the manager was "quite the looker." Gross. My first picture in my head was some Italian guy with a curly mustache that talks like Mario from Mario Kart. Can I just say right now how horribly mistaken I was? I walked up to the counter and stood there. I looked around and then rang the little bell sitting on the counter. I grinned and began hitting it to a cool beat. The next thing I know there's a big hand covering mine that was ringing the bell. I looked up to see a hot guy standing in front of me giving me a pointed look.
"Can I help you?" He asked raising an eyebrow.
"I'm looking for the manager." I said, trying to sound professional..you know because I was just playing with the bell they have on their counter...yeah awkward.
"I am the manager." He says and I look at him in surprise. I looked him up and down and fur my eyebrows. He looks like he's like 17! How on earth could he be managing a giant parlor like this one? I look at his name tag to see the name Matt typed on his tag.
"Well Matt. You're awfully young to be running a pizza place." I say putting a hand on my hip and sizing him up. He really wasn't very nice.
"Well..." He trailed off.
"Olive." I say and he nods.
"Well Olive, don't you think you are a little out of line to be talking to the manager of this place like that? I could easily get you thrown out by the way." He said, a smirk on his face. I growled in annoyance.
"Just tell me who the real manager is, and I'll make sure they deal with you."
"Well I think I'm doing nothing wrong, so since I'm the manager, I'm going to make sure that I get no punishment of any sort." He said now giving me a grin like he was enjoying arguing with me. I groaned.
"Well fine. Let's say, that just for one moment I believe you, and you are the manager of this place. I need to have an application because I would like to get a job here." I say and he looks taken back.
"Why on earth would I give you a job? You were just a bitch to me two seconds ago." He says and I frown.
"Your window says 'Help Wanted' and I need a job. I'm doing you a favor." I say, shrugging. Matt growls.
"I won't give you a job." He says, glaring at me. An elderly man behind him puts a hand on his shoulder, stopping him.
"Matt, give her the job already. We need someone who can wait tables here. I say give her a shot. She seems like a good person for the job." The man says, and I read his name tag to reveal his name is Al. Matt looks back at Al and sighs deeply.
"Fine. But you need to be here at 8am tomorrow for training. I'll be training you so you better not be late. I'll provide you with your uniform so don't worry about that." He says and I nod, grinning. I turn for the door when he yells out to me. "Oh and Olive?"
"Yeah?"
"I'm hoping you wont act like our last waitress." He says smirking. I knew there was going to be some kind of arrogant remark next but I fell for it anyway.
"What was wrong with her?" I asked and his smirk grew at the question.
"Just don't fall for me, okay Olive? We don't want any broken hearts." He said giving me a wink. I felt my heart pace pick up but I stood my ground.
"Thanks for the info, but I don't fall for arrogant assholes. See you tomorrow bright and early Matty." I said the last part over my shoulder, giving him a small wave. I grinned, knowing he was glaring at me and skipped to my car. I drove home and smiled when I saw my Aunt just pulling out a batch of cookies from the oven.
"Hey sweetie. How'd the interview go?" She asked.
"Oh I got the job. Have to be there at 8am tomorrow, and the manager is a jerk that's my age but you know. Besides that, it went well." I said, popping a piece of the cookie in my mouth and chewed thoughtfully. "You added a sprig of ginger didn't you?" I asked and my Aunt beamed at me.
"I did! Really Olive, you never cease to amaze me." She said and I smiled.
"Alright well Aunt Lisa, I'm going to go text Sarah." I say and race to my room as I hear her yell an 'Okay!' after me. I text Sarah once I jump onto my bed and she answers quickly, saying she'd call. I grin and she calls me.
"So how'd it go?"
"My manager is a hot asshole that's my age!" I say and she laughs.
"No way!" She yells and I grin.
"Way! I couldn't believe it. I'll be seeing him bright and early for training. That sure would be interesting." I say and Sarah chuckles.
"Hell yeah it would. Now Olive, you won't be fantasizing of gettin' down and dirty with this hot new manager of yours, are you?" She asks so seriously I can't help but laugh.
"God no. But hey Sarah I'm tired from today so i'm gonna take a nap, talk to you tomorrow?" I ask.
"Sure thing! Give me that update on your saucy boss!" She says with another laugh and I hang up. Yeah my saucy boss....well this is going to be an interesting job.
--------------------------------------------------
First chapter! What do you think? Please let me know and check out my other books. I'll update as soon as I get wifi. (I'm going to be away for about a week.) So I'm sorry in advance for the lack of updating. After that week I promise I'll update more. So once again let me know what you think! Thanks!

Wszystko zaczęło się jeszcze w szkole podstawowej, a konkretnie na lekcji plastyki, nasza trójka nie zdawała sobie do końca sprawy z tego, że tego dnia wszystko będzie inaczej, przez tydzień wspólnymi siłami mieliśmy zrobić karmnik dla ptaków. Ha! karmnik, nic trudnego przecież, ale dla grupki dwunastolatków to niemalże przygoda życia. Do dziś pamiętam słowa Dave'a gdy nauczycielka losowała grupy 
,, ja nie będę w grupie z jakąś dziewczyną ,, 
,, daj spokój nie może być, aż taka zła,, - odparł Ian i tak właśnie zaczęła się nasza przyjaźń i trwa do dnia dzisiejszego :) 
SIEDEM LAT PÓŹNIEJ 

- Na prawdę, zawsze musimy się spóźniać? - warknęłam czekając wraz z Ian'em na Dave'a  przed jego domem. Domy w tej okolicy wyglądały tak samo, nie duże, dwupoziomowe z charakterystycznym czerwonym skośnym dachem. Okolica była jedną z najbardziej bezpiecznych w naszym mieście, nic więc dziwnego, że wszyscy tak bardzo chcieli tu mieszkać, i jakimś, nie wiadomo jak chorym zbiegiem okoliczności mieszkała na nim cała nasza trójka, niemalże dom w dom. 
-Nasza Liliana jak zwykle marudzi tak?- nawet nie zauważyłam kiedy Dave   stanął obok nas
- Lily, ile razy mam ci to powtarzać, że nazywam się Lily! - warknęłam 
- chodźmy już, babka z anglika tym razem nam nie odpuści - powiedział Ian i poszliśmy do szkoły, moglibyśmy jechać autem ponieważ Ian jako pierwszy w klasie zrobił prawo jazdy, jednak kto by jeździł te pół kilometra zamiast się przejść ? szkoda paliwa . 
- to cud - oznajmiłam 
- cud?- zapytał Ian 
- jest za dwie. Nie spóźniliśmy się - powiedziałam wyciągając z szafki moje książki- jak z Juliet? - zapytał grzecznie Dave aby choć trochę rozbudować to złe napięcie zbudowane z samego rana 
- dobrze, choć nie jest tak dobra jak Melanie, ale do wytrzymania - zaśmiał się 
- fuuuu człowieku, jesteś obrzydliwy, przecież wiesz, że ja wcale nie o to pytała - powiedziałam i skończyłam rozmowę, ponieważ w tym właśnie momencie zadzwonił charakterystyczny, i dobrze znany wszystkim uczniom, dzwonek. 
W klasie jak zwykle panował chaos, nauczycielka za wszelką cenę starała się zapanować nad trzydziestoosobową zgrają nastolatków, z marnym skutkiem, nawet trochę mi jej było żal, jednak jak przypomnę sobie te tony prac domowych, które potrafiła zadać na weekend, od razu mi przechodzi. Wszyscy byli pogrążeni w rozmowach na temat dorocznego balu wiosennego, wszyscy koniecznie chcieli wiedzieć czy Dave będzie. Tak jest niemal od podstawówki, kochany Dave i jego nieodstępujący tłum fanek.
-zaproś jakąś zanim ci oczy wydrapią - powiedział Ian szeptem tak, że ja siedząca w ławce za nimi słyszałam ich idealnie. 
-Stary, zrozum, że to nie jest takie proste, muszę to przemyśleć, żeby nie wpakować się w jakieś bagno- powiedział 
- tak jak na ostatniej domówce u Grubego?- wyszeptałam śmiejąc się, a Dave tylko odwrócił się do mnie z miną zabójcy, każdy dobrze pamiętał te Cudowną domówkę na której to panna Sara tak sie nachlała, że postanowiła przy wszystkich imprezowiczach dobrać się do rozporka Dave, o mały włos a cała impreza zobaczyła by całe jego wyposażenie spodni. Śmiechu było całe multum. Ale Dave często pakuje siebie i nas w takie akcje. Zbyt często. 
- nie zaczynajcie na nowo, postarajmy się tym razem nie dostać nagannej na tej lekcji dobra? - zaśmiał się Ian skutecznie nas uciszając. Nie wiem nawet o czym była ta lekcja. Całkowicie się wyłączyłam . O czym myślałam ?  Nie o tej durnej imprezie, jestem na niej Dj'em więc nie muszę się martwić o sukienkę, buty czy partnera. No i zacznijmy od tego,że nie noszę sukienek, nigdy. Kocham jeansy i wszelakie koszule .  Ian i Dave chyba nigdy nie traktowali mnie jak dziewczynę, no tak, jestem w końcu ich kumplem nie ? :D i w sumie nie przeszkadza mi to, oni  są idealną barierą przed debilami. Żaden idiota nie podejdzie do mnie, widząc z kim stoję. 
Gdy wróciłam do domu mamy jak zwykle nie było, mogłam się domyśleć. Mam tylko mamę a ponieważ ma ona swoją firmę i to całkiem dobrze funkcjonującą , często nie ma jej w domu. Trochę to smutne, jednak do wszystkiego w życiu można się przyzwyczaić, zwłaszcza gdy spoglądasz w okno a tam twój kumpel próbuje dogadać się z mamą czemu tak długo go nie było. Ian potrafi zaczarować każdą kobietę, jednak jego mama nie nabiera się na te sztuczki. Mieszkamy obok siebie od zawsze a Dave kilka domów dalej.  
Spojrzałam w lustro wiszące w pokoju, brunetka o niebieskich oczach patrzyła smutno. Wyprostowałam się i uśmiechnęłam odchodząc od lustra. 
,, mamy nie ma dwa dni. Impreza? '' - wysłałam sms'a do chłopaków 
'' trzeba będzie pozasłaniać wszystkie okna, żeby moja uwierzyła, że będziemy się uczyć, i niech goście wchodzą tylnymi drzwiami '' Ian 
'' wchodzę w to '' Dave 
'' Dave zaproś ludzi a ty Ian dawaj po mnie i jedziemy na zakupy  '' wysłałam do obu i zaczęłam ubierać adidasy. Przed domem już czekał na mnie Ian 
- I co były jakieś problemy?- zapytałam wsiadając do jego samochodu 
- powiedziała, że jeśli to będzie kolejna impreza zabierze mi auto - powiedział poważnie 
- nie martw się, nikt się niczego nie dowie, to będzie spokojna impreza- powiedziałam 
- zawsze to mówisz - zauważył 
- nie jęcz - powiedziałam włączając muzykę w radiu 
- Dave   mówił mi, że Tyler się o ciebie pytał- powiedział patrząc cały czas na drogę 
- Ten Tyler?- spytałam mając na myśli największego wroga chłopaków 
- tak, chciał cię zaprosić na bal - powiedział a ja się zaśmiałam 
- idiota- powiedziałam 
- czemu idiota? no nie lubię gościa, ale na bal mogłabyś w końcu iść - powiedział 
- przecież wiesz, że tam będe - powiedziałam - bale nie są dla mnie - 
- bale są dla każdego- powiedziałam 
- czyli nigdy nie zobaczę cię w sukience ? - zadrwił Ian 
- na moim ślubie - powiedziałam poważnie 
- bierzesz ślub - spytał 
zaśmiałam się 
- dobrze blondynku, że masz swój wygląd bo z tą główką to nie wiem czy byś jakąś dziewczynę znalazł - powiedziałam czule głaskając go po głowie 
- wredna jędza - skomentował tylko i wyszliśmy z auta, będąc już pod super marketem 
As I walk down the dark hallways of highschool I can't help but feel trapped. Trapped because of who I am, who I am forced to be and who I want to be. Trapped because of all the voices in my head telling me to do one thing when my gut tells me to to another. Trapped because I can't make sense of anything anymore and it is killing me inside. 
My name is Charlie Pikes and I've been going to Wellington High for almost three months now. I moved here in the middle of 11th grade and I recognize the dark, soulless halls filled with blank faced students and even more so, blank faced teachers. Almost like every other one of these prisons. The days just kind of blend together as I try to get through the drudgery of each passing class of this damned school. I'm that kid in the back that hides underneath their hood and mumbles an "I don't know..." after every time the teacher calls on them, even if they know the answer. I'm that kid that other kids cross their fingers that they won't be partnered with. I don't talk to anyone,  I don't look at anyone and I sure as hell don't want to know anyone.I have people that I eat lunch with, but it's not like I like them or anything. I just don't want to be alone and vulnerable. That's probably why the people I eat with are the predators of this retched place. The Gang is made up of three people: Lars Kendrick, who is the bronze of the group. He is a mindless bull who will follow the leader till he ends up jumping off a cliff. But he has a strong bulky body that can plow any adult down in seconds, deadly to any passing nerd in these hallways. His dumb ass couldn't get him anywhere if he tried, but that's why he's got Hamilton. Hamilton Gordon is the ring leader, the brain and the slithering, sneaky, snake who can twist and weasel out of any situation and who loves to reak havoc upon the poor living souls of the other students. And me? Well, I'm the quiet one in the corner following them around out of peer pressure ever since they decided that they wanted me in The Gang. These guys are your average bullies. They pick on the chess club, beat up the math team, take lunch money from the 8th graders and curse and swear at the poor individuals that get in their way. And I hate it.  So why haven't I left if I don't like what they're doing? Well, like I said before; security. If I'm on their side, they can't hurt me. It's not like I couldn't take them or anything, I did get kicked out of my old school for beating this kid up, but he had it coming being an ass to this one girl, and by the way I hate violence. I can't tolerate it, it makes my bones quiver and my stomach turn to slosh. But I put up with these shit heads so I don't have to see myself in a bad situation again. Weird logic, I know... Don't remind me.
Maddie looked over at me, her amber eyes sparkling as the light hit her face slightly. Her dark auburn hair fell loosely round her shoulders and swayed as she walked over to me, popcorn in her hands.
"Ready love!?" She smiled, popping in some random chick flick that I agreed to watch with her. I smiled and kissed her cheek, pulling her  closer to me. She smelled of spring time and female axe cologne. 
She looked into my eyes and bit her lip, slowly pulling her glance away from mine and towards the television. The words "P.S I Love You" flashed on the screen and I face-palmed, making her giggle. "Babe? Ps I love you?!" I groaned. She nodded and pulled me into a kiss. 
"Yes, and you promised!" She smiled. 
"How about we just skip the clicks and go to the bedroom??" I smirked. She rolled her beautiful eyes and shook her head. 
"No!" She cried out, "movies then sex, then more movies!"  She laughed, paying her head on my chest as a couple on the screen began fighting. An Irish man started to yell at the woman and they both ran away from each other. They walked back in and began making out. 
The movie went by quickly, only because I wasn't watching it, but Maddie. She went from laughing her ass off to sobbing and needing cuddled, and it was adorable. 
She smirked at me and pulled me off of the couch and near the bedroom door. I smiled and started kissing her, pressing my lips against hers. She started to take off my shirt as I slipped off her shorts. 
We ended up naked and on her bed, our hands traveling around each others bodies. "Call me daddy" I moaned. She smirked and pulled me onto her. I centered myself on her entrance and shoved myself into her, earning a loud gasp. 
She started to scratch at my back and kissing my neck, trying to occupy herself from the stinging in her lower abdomen. 
"Daddy!" She cried out. I pumped into her and pushed her down harder into the mattress. 
"I'm gonna finish" I stated before shooting into her, making her shudder. I kissed her and laid beside her, smiling. She licked at semen off of my chest and smiled at me while doing so. 
"Slimy yet satisfying" she recited lines from my favorite Disney movie, making me shiver. 
THIS STORY IS ON GOING EDITING, NEARLY THE WHOLE THING WILL BE CHANGED SO I WOULD ADVISE TO NOT READ BEYOND THIS POINT. AS TIME PROGRESSES THIS MESSAGE WILL SHIFT TO DIFFERENT CHAPTERS TO SIGNIFY THAT THE PRESENT CHAPTERS ARE UPDATED
I walked down the streets and pulled my hoodie up it had just rained and there was still a chill, I looked at the small group in front of me gathered around the fence, some sitting on it smoking and others surrounding picking up the second hand smoke because they are too desperate for it, but are too broke to buy their own weed.
I got towards them and said my hellos, I was tired, to tired to actually pay attention to what they were talking about, but I soon put the pieces together when we started to walk towards the lab.
The Observation of Controlled Environments was a foundation upstate New York, not too far from the city, but well hidden.
I come here often to look at the animals and my father and I often donate our money to the foundation. But there were other buildings associated with the foundation. One which was well known by gangs like the one i'm hanging with now, i'm not going into detail but it is a medical lab, and many usually break in to get weed, which is what i'm pretty sure we are going to do now.
We couldn't break in because it would set the alarm off, we had a key, but when we were leaving we would break some windows to look as if we broke in.
I took off my hoodie to put on a leather jacket, I felt much more comfortable in it. Walking slowly, Klaudia soon walked by my side, and on the other Gabriel. I nodded at both of them, and grabbed their hands.
Klaudia and I have a friends with benefits relationship, while as Gabriel and I had a sibling relationship.
The three of us separated from the group, we weren't interested in stealing weed, we could buy it ourselves.
The glowing red lights around us faded away meaning they shut off the cameras and we headed towards a different building.
This one was dark, sad, filled with sickness, death, and torture of the animals being experimented on. But we came because it was quiet and we liked smashing all of the liquids.
Gabriel threw a bat at me and I caught it easily I picked up a pair of goggles and strapped them on.
"Here Sky" he said and threw a random glass beaker at me and I smashed it to pieces with the bat
"Haha ok ok now that one" I said pointing with the bat at a pretty green liquid filled one.
When I hit it, it didn't splatter like the rest, it just attached on the bat, but I continued. I looked to the side and saw Klaudia eyeing me up and down, sitting on the desks with her legs crossed. I smirked at her and continued.
We trashed the whole lab, and when we were done I took off my goggles and we where heading out when Klaudia called out
"Wait guys there's another one"
She broke a glass and took a nice black one out.
Now what happened next was a little confusing, and it happened so fast.
Gabriel grabbed it but somehow cut his hands
"Ow fuck" he said
"Suck it up and throw the damn thing" I said and he rolled his eyes and threw it
I swung and broke it, but when it shattered some had gotten in my eyes...
"Ahh damn" I said and backed up. I threw the bat to the side and it hit Klaudia, she let out a shriek and her body dropped to the floor, I rubbed my eyes and once I could see a ran towards Klaudia, Gabriel was by her side already and I could see blood. He moved her blond hair out of the way to see what I had done, but he cringed when the black liquid got into the cuts in his hands.
We heard an alarm go off somewhere so I threw Klaudia over my shoulder and ran with Gabe. We ran up a hill till we heard men running towards us, turning around we saw guards reaching closer, but something told me to stop, something in my head told me to, Gabe looked at me confused and then shocked.
"You...you're eyes" he said "they... are turning green"
I looked at him confused but I could feel it, I was changing, when I looked towards the guards they stopped and looked into my eyes. I yelled at them to leave, and they turned and ran as if they saw they were up against an army.
I felt the change again, but it calmed down so I figured my eyes went back to normal.
I sat down and placed Klaudia down, and watched her.
Her hair started to change colors, it was calm blond, but now it was turning into a bold red.
I stared at her, and looked towards Gabe in panic, in an explanation to what was happening.
But he too was panicking, and he stared at his hands which started to form a black circle at his palms...
After that was screaming, agonizing screaming of pain escaping his lips.
"GABE!! GABE!!" I yelled scrambling towards him. He clawed at the grass and soon it all started to die around him, turning brown, then grey, then to dust.
Soon the whole hill was dead, the trees, grass, flowers, animals, all of it, and when it all died he calmed down, resting, no longer in pain, it looked as if he was in pure bliss.
He looked up at me, and I crawled by his side
"Gabe?" he wrapped an arm around me and held me close "what's happening?"
"I... I don't know..." he said and we drifted off to sleep
***Hello, my beautiful readers! Say hello to my new story! This one is the sequel to 'Picture This' but you don't have to read that one to be able to read this. There will be characters coming back in this one that were in the first, though!
This one's going to be told in only Reece's POV so it'll take me a little longer to write the chapters...but that means they'll be longer!
So now introducing...
'You Again'!***
***As of 4/26/14, the title of this story changed from 'Little Miss Player and Mr. Hottie' to 'You Again'...because I seriously hated the title before.  :P  ***
Prologue
4 Years Before
They were hiding in a bedroom upstairs as her older brother's graduation party went on downstairs. It was the only way they could talk in private. They sat close together on the bed and you could practically feel the electricity in the air between them.
"Please," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck and trying to get herself closer to him. "Please just stay here. With me. I don't want you to leave."
"Do you know how great this opportunity is for me? I've always wanted to go to UCLA and play college basketball. I can't pass that up," he said, tucking one of her blond curls behind her ear.
"But it's all the way across the country," she said. Tears were starting to burn in her eyes.
"I'm sorry but I'm going," he said, finality in his voice. "I'm not giving this opportunity up."
She felt like she'd just been slapped in the face. "But what about me? Us?" she whispered.
He sighed. "You knew this wasn't going to work out between us. There's a little over four year difference between us. You're fourteen, I'm almost nineteen. It's a good thing we were able to keep it a secret for as long as we did. Do you know how people would look at this? They'd think I was a total freak for being with you!"
She moved away from him and looked down at her hands. "But you said you loved me," she whispered. The tears that had threatened before started falling down her face. "You said you'd always loved me."
She heard him sigh and he cradled her face in his hands, wiping away her tears with his thumbs. She saw something in his blue-gray eyes that confused her. "I do love you," he said. "But as my best friend's little sister. I don't really know if I'm in love with you. Yeah, we might have fooled around a bit but that doesn't mean that I am," he said. "Maybe when you're older and people don't think it's wrong..."
Forget feeling like she'd been slapped in the face. Now it felt like she'd been run over by a semi truck twenty times.
She didn't get more upset.
She got pissed.
"Oh, so I was some naïve little girl that you just thought you'd mess around with, make her think that you loved her more than just your best friend's little sister. God, you're such an asshole! Why am I so stupid for falling in love with you when you obviously don't love me back?" she yelled.
His eyes widened at her outburst. "No, it's not like that! I do love you..."
"Yeah, but like your best friend's little sister! That's what you said and you can't take that back!"
He clamped a hand over her mouth. "Will you be quiet? People will hear you!" he said.
She pushed him away from her. "Get your hands off me!" she said.
When she got off the bed, he reached for her hand. But when he grasped it, she pulled it from his and slapped him across the face.
"You know what?" she said, anger in every word. "Fuck you."
She left the room then, leaving him staring after her in astonishment.
So what do you guys think of it so far? Yeah, it was just the prologue but it was a great prologue!
Comment, Vote, Like!!!1
My heart ached sympathetically as I heard softs sobs taint my ears. Days went by hearing nothing but aggression seep through the walls. Yelling, screaming, kicking.  However, all of that fury was transformed into vulnerability. I sighed lowly as Carter's tears became inaudible, until I heard nothing from the wall. I longed so desperately just to knock on his door and engulf his stature, kissing his pain away. But no matter how hard he cried, that didn't cease my own feelings. Carter Aaron Daniels hurt me, and I couldn't let him get away with it.--I hugged Andrew's slim body, laughing happily as he fixed the polyester  cap on my head, swinging the tassel back and forth. My grandfather wiped my grandmother's tears, hugging her tightly with a far off grin spreading across his face.
"Your parents would have been so proud." Gran expressed, a few tears slipping down her cheeks.
Andrew chuckled lightly, on the verge of tears as well. I followed the same actions, looking around me. 
"Next year, that's gonna be you up there, asshole." Andrew whispered, his arm slung around my shoulders. I nodded with a small smile. Just seconds later, Candice, Andrew's girlfriend, made her way towards Andrew. 
"We did it, baby!" They shouted simultaneously, stuck in an embrace.
However, my attention veered off to something, or someone, rather. In my peripheral vision, I spotted a more than familiar figure.
I couldn't stop myself from turning around. Hoping my eyes deceived me, I twisted my body, only to see gran and gramps conversing with the soon to be divorced, Mr. and Mrs. Daniels, with the one and only Carter 'fucking' Daniels lounging on one of the auditorium seats. 
"Shit." I muttered, although it was somehow loud enough for everyone to hear. They all turned around, including him. His eyes searched my body, a distressed expression contorted amongst his chiseled features. 
I didn't dare look him in the eyes. I couldn't,  and I refused to. 
"I'll be in the car." I bit my lip, fumbling with my fingers. I was glad I walked out of that place,  because whether or not I broke up with Carter, I could hardly stand to be in the same room with someone that I loved so much,  I had to let go. 
----I stared at nothing else but my plate. My heartbeat was loud and prominent. Every time he laughed, I'd drag my fork against my plate. Drown out one unbearable sound with another. It angered me to know that after all these months, I still couldn't look Carter in the eyes. I had fortunately made it through the dinner, disregarding the anxiety that had built up around me. But soon, my balance had been shifted and any morsel of peace I kept within me flew out of the front door once he had opened it. A thin green eyed redhead stood shyly in the doorway. Wearing a purple crop top and a pair of black ripped jeans, the supermodel-type female smiled at Carter. They shared a simple kiss, formal, but nauseating for me. As she walked in, the bustle of the dining room froze.
"I'd like you guys to meet my girlfriend." 
And he didn't even spare me a glance. --I locked the door to the quiet two story home, sighing as I pushed the hair away from my face. I was late to an internship meeting, and I felt as if everything around me exuded a somber, weary mood that took an impact on me. Turning on my phone, I checked the time to predict just how late I'd actually be. Although that wasn't what had caught my eye once the screen lit up.
the date under the bold numbers read, causing me to stop in my tracks. 
It's been exactly 6 months since we've heard from Carter. He stayed with us for that small duration of time after graduation, but soon took off with everything he had. 
He had gotten in a fight with Gramps after coming home completely wasted and causing havoc around the house at 3 in the morning. Things took a detour quite rapidly. Yelling, cursing, and even a few violent approaches. Nevertheless, neither of them were able to physically damage the other before Drew intervened.
Carter threatened to leave, and sure enough he did, but not before leaving a small note  posted on the guest bed:
"Don't go looking for me. I'm not coming back, but I promise that I'm fine."
If he ever came back, I'd have nothing to say. Maybe from shock, or maybe because he was so quick to leave the people who loved him.
---Welllllll
That was the prologue of Rehabilitation! I'm sorry that it took this long, but my Wattpad was acting up, and I've been so engulfed in schoolwork lately.
BUT.
I HOPE Y'ALL HAD A LIT THANKSGIVING YESTERDAY!
Anyways, 
If you didn't understand this, it was basically a sequence of events following the breakup. It's background information before the sequel starts. Each "---" represents a new scene. 
How did you guys feel about this?
Please comment, vote and share this story. 
Love y'all. 
- ExtraordinaryNutella
Sorry this is unedited at the moment. Feel free to correct my mistakes by just commenting the fix. Thank you
••••••••
You know that rush you get when your about to go down the tallest hill of a roller coaster, the last few seconds of a game, the one when you know you're about to win, or when you're stuck under something like a boulder and it's a life or death situation? Yeah, that feeling. That rush of adrenaline.
I get that rush over only two things so far in my life. Street fighting and street racing.
You see, I am known quite well in my town. They all know me as Lexi the champion, on the streets, and at school they know me as nerdy Alex Dailey, who just so happens to somehow be best friends with the hot player of the school, Alex Ashford. No one knows why he, the quarterback and one of the most popular guys in school is best friends with a nerd at the bottom of the food chain like me. Well that's because we have been friends, scratch that, the best of friends since the wonderful age of one when our moms started us having play dates together. He races too.
Anyway, back to the present. 
I drove up to the track in my white Audi R8 Pressing the button, my door opened and I got out. With eyes on my car. I walked over to Caleb, the guy who runs the races and also who takes care of all the things I need done to my car. 
"Hey caleb" I said as I reached him then gave him a quick hug. 
"Hey Lexi! Are you ready for tonight?"
"Well.. duh! Of course I am, I'm always ready."
He chuckled "I know you are, well you have six races tonight."
"Alright. When's the first one?"
"Actually, it's after this one, which is ending, so... now"
"Yay. Well see you later caleb" I waved as I walked over to my car, got in, and drove to the starting line. Soon they started
"We have Drew Rolen racing against Lexi" the people start cheering once they here my name. Not to toot my own horn or anything, but I hold the title as the best, meaning no one has beat me in a long time, three years to be exact. 
"Ready... set... go" the girl waved her flag and we were off. 
<><><><><><><>
After winning all six races, I won $6,000. Why? I will explain it a little. 
Each person who requests a race has to pay $1000. I never request. People request me. The winner of the race gets the money, which is why I have the $6000.
After I got my money, I talked to a few people, looked at some cars, and then went home, since it was a Sunday, a school night.
“Mom, please. Work with me here. Campus life is so overrated. It’s scary.” I say, wrinkling my arched brow.
“Sweetie, I understand that ever since Mar-” my mother begins.
“Right!” I say heatedly. “Maria got raped and murdered in her dorm, killed mom. And she’s isn’t even the first. Please…mom it’s enough I have to go to the same high school as her, but please, please don’t make me live in the dorm where I lost my sister.”  Tears are rolling down my face now, as they always do when I remember Maria. That night still haunts me.
**
Sitting on the couch, I was curled up, popping single pieces of popcorn delicately in my mouth. ‘Degrassi’ blasted from our huge TV, I was engrossed in this particular episode. I sipped my coke, and set it down again. I was home alone, and no one could tell me how late I was allowed to stay up. 
The phone rang.
I climbed across the leather couch and even though I didn’t recognize the number, I answered. 
“Hello?” I said politely. The voice that answered back was male, and sinister.
“Hello, Alexia.  I have your sister, you know. She’s right here, beside me, and she’s about to die, if you don’t act fast.” He purrs. My entire body begins to tremble. Why does he know my entire name, and why is he claiming he has Maria?
I wouldn’t have believed he had her, if I didn’t hear her muffled cries. “No, Alexia! Don’t do it!” she screamed. Abruptly, she was silenced, and I hated to think what the man must have done to her. 
“Anything,” I breathe. “Don’t hurt her.” I plead. He laughs. 
“So young and willing, at just 14, aren’t we?” he says. “I need you to call the police, and tell them I have your sister. Tell them I’m at Jonathan H high school, if they don’t come quick….well let’s just say I have a gun and I’m defiantly not afraid to use it.” He laughs again. 
“NO! DON’T” Maria screams as loud as she can. “I love you Maria!” I sob. I gently turn the phone on speaker, and grab my cell, where I dialed 911. I reported this hysterically to the calm sounding woman on the other line. She promised help would be sent soon, but that didn’t calm my nerves the least bit. 
I begin to dial my parent’s number. “Alexia,” the man said darkly. “W-what?”
“Don’t call anyone else.” 
I drop my phone like it is burning hot. “Are the cops on their way?” he asks suddenly.
“Yes.” I answer quietly. 
“Perfect.” He says calmly.
“NO-“ Maria begins to scream. But she doesn’t get the chance, because a wicked gunshot goes off, and the line gets static-y. Then the man’s voice rings clear and horrible in my ears as her purrs;
“Thanks, Alexia, for helping me kill your sister.”
                                                                ***
 
A shiver passes through me; my mother wipes away my tear with a manicured finger. “I-I know baby. I know. I’ll talk to your father. You’re right, campus life isn’t really going to be okay for you, this year.” She says quietly. I hug her hard. “Thank you for understanding,” I sob quietly.
My mother just holds me, while my anguish and fear of my second year in high school would be completed in a school 2,0090 miles away from this very place, all the way in Canada.
___________________________________________________
what do you think? its just something i've been kind of playing around with. im not sure where im taking it quite yet, but who knows? maybe it'll be half decent.
Just a quick note, yes there is Spanish in this book but I've made sure that the phrases are all extremely short and are only there for extra emphasis not necessarily to carry the plot line, or for the most part readers have put the translation in the comments next to that section :) 
Now, please enjoy!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Watch out, drunken freshmen coming through." A man shouted giddily as he pushed his way towards the pool where he pitched forward and disappeared under the water. His friends rushed in after him, laughing and dunking each other as they splashed the crowd whom was dancing near the pools edge.
    Music blasted from the speakers and luckily, it drowned out the screams and cries of the drunken college kids swarming around me. Maybe going to a college party during my first night in Florida was a bad idea, but it was a necessity. Almost all of the kids here would be attending my college and since I had only moved here yesterday, I knew relatively no one.
    Well besides my cousins Nicole and Nash. They were fraternal twins who were about as different as a bird and a fish. Nicole was a mature and responsible college freshmen who could party just as hard as anyone. Her long auburn hair was usually thrown up in a messy bun though tonight it hung around her face in natural waves. Her bright hazel eyes rested above high cheekbones and behind long lashes. She was taller than me by at least an two inches and her legs went on for miles which she used to her advantage any chance she got.
    Nash didn't approve of his sisters mostly reserved behavior. He was the party-hard, drink-until-you-pass-out college freshmen who had barely made it into college at all. He had the same auburn hair however it was cut short and spiked. His hazel eyes were a shade duller than his sisters and his figure, though buff and built, was usually slung across a couch or hunched over a laptop. He wasn't the most motivated student, in fact I had yet to see him pick up a text book, yet somehow he retained all A's in his classes.
    It was true that Nicole and Nash couldn't be more different but the one thing they shared in common was their uncanny ability to convince people of almost anything. Which was how I wound up at this party, sitting at the makeshift bar, sipping at a pepsi while everyone else was downing their alcohol like the prohibition had started that morning.
    A drunken kid stumbled into me from behind, causing me to drop my pepsi. The liquid spilled all over the bar, mixing with the alcohol that had already been spilt along the bar's countertop. I shot a glare at the guy who had bumped into me but he was already stumbling away.
    The bartender smiled at me sympathetically and handed me another pepsi. I nodded my thanks and popped the can open. This was going to be an extremely long night.
    "Kimber, what are you doing over here?" I heard the familiar feminine voice of my cousin as she gripped my shoulder and turned me to face her, "I introduced you to Gavin, why aren't you talking to him?"
    I jabbed my thumb in the direction of the young man I had met an hour ago, his mouth now consumed by a pretty young redhead, "He got a little busy."
    Nicole humphed and crossed her arms over her busty chest, "That little prick. He is such a man whore, I swear."
    "Don't worry about it, he wasn't really my type anyways." I responded, taking another swig of my pop as if it would have the same effect as alcohol. Honestly, the fizz of my pepsi was enough for me, "When can we leave?"
    Nicole's heavily makeup covered eyes widened, "Are you serious? We just got here. Come on Kimber, don't you want to interact with your classmates in a stress free environment where you're not pressured to befriend them?"
•Kelsey pov❤️
I hate this place will all my heart. I haven't seen mark or anyone in a year I been stuck here. Don't get me wrong the house is beautiful but keeping me sealed up in here is what I hate. Nathaniel turns out to be the person who took me. Somehow Cameron and mark all had beef. I'm not allowed to be on soical media all me accounts have been deleted so is my phone number. I can't go out without having Nathaniel or one of his goons with me.
I had my baby mark Jr December 19 weighing at 7pounds. My lil fat man. It hurts me that mark never met him are was there for the birth. I cry for days knowing I'm living this life that I hate. Sometimes I wish I could kill myself but I know if I do my baby will never know his dad or grew up with his mommy in the picture. He's the only thing keeping me going at times. I do have a feeling that mark will one day show up and save us hopefully.
•Mark pov❤️
"Dude are you crazy"I said to cam who was doing the dab on top of the airport lady desk.(a/n... Idk anything ones job in the airport honestly)
"Look at my dab bitch"he said continuing to dance
"Baby get down please"his girl Amaya said
Cameron got down and gave his girl a kiss onthe lip and said sorry just got caught in the moment.
Cameron been dating this girl Amaya for about a 6mouths now and he seen pretty happy. He broke up with angel after he caught her cheating with Shamoy that nigga from Hawaii. I haven't seen Kelsey in a year and so is my child. But don't think I'm not still looking for them everyday. Honestly I don't know if she and lil man is still alive but I'm not stopping at all.
"Let's get to or hotel please"I said
We came here to clear business up with out old people so we can end the beef that Been going own for years now. We meeting up at his house for the dinner tommorw so we can put a end to it and be done.
•Angel pov❤️
I was sitting on the couch watching Shamoy play the Xbox. I wanted to watch love and hip hop but he been all up in the tv since this morning.
"Can I please watch what I want to watch now"I said
"Go to your friends house and watch it oh I forgot you don't got know friends"he said
He knew Everytime he says that it hurt my feelings and he still continue to say it. Me and Cameron broke up more like he broke up with me because he caught me messing with Shamoy. After the 2weeks I was like fuck it ion care but I still miss him a lot. I know I mess up and now I can't fix it cause I'm in to deep. Kelsey Is still missing and I feel like if I was there that she  shouldn't be missing right now.
"Fuck you Shamoy you pussy anyway that why you losing the game"I said getting up 
He paused the game got up in my face "what the hell did you say
"I said fuck.."I trailed off when he grabbed my neck and slam me in the wall
I couldn't breath and it seem like he was going kill me. I clawed at his face but it didn't stop him. He finally let me go and I fell to the ground.
"Watch your fucking tone next time"he said going back to his game while I just sit there and think on how my life got to this . Meeting him was my biggest mistake ever. I should of keep my legs close and stop hoeing around and it wouldn't be any of this. This is my fault now I have to live with it
It's my 3rd book and I so excited to be starting it... I know I left y'all confused in book 2 but in this book all your questions and concerns will be answer. I promise with this book I will try to make it longer
•how do y'all feel about angel?
•how do you feel about Cameron and his new girlfriend 
•do y'all like this book
•the baby and mark? Do y'all want them to meet
•do y'all like Shamoy?
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
I DO NOT TOLERATE NEGATIVE COMMENTS! You may vent over characters and whatever else in the book, but the nitpicking and complaints on the way things are written, WILL BE DELETED!
1.) This book is currently under major construction, so please note that unless the word REWRITTEN is by the chapter number, it is an older chapter and may not line up with the previous chapter. If there is a major change, I will make an authors note at the end to inform you.
2.) I love criticism, I believe it makes a person's work better. That being said, there is a difference between constructive criticism and plain negativity. (ex. "Your ending sucks. Maybe I'd read the next book if you didn't have such crappy endings.) Yes, this was a real comment that I received. COMMENTS SIMILAR TO THAT WILL BE DELETED. But, if you have something constructive to say, please feel free to do so.
3.) I will admit that I was inspired to write this by the Twisted television series, but the characters and story line are completely my own and is not similar to Twisted. SO PLEASE DO NOT COMPARE THE TWO.
4.) If you have a problem with any of the warnings above, I suggest you stop reading at this point.
Thank you, and have a blessed day. (:
Life sucks
Those two words are something I tell myself everyday. I mean, who wouldn't in my case.
I have  a twin brother who wishes I was dead. I get bullied, and a whole bunch of shit I'd rather not repeat....
I remember crying myself to sleep, praying for the pain to go away. Now, I'm here with my family .
I now have a family. I have hope, and I always have somebody to pick me up when I fall. 
Today, I'm back and I'm ready for sweet revenge. ;)

Edited  by apathetic-avidity 11/27/15 


Vic's POV 
I'm standing in front of our new house. By the way my name is Victoria Young I'm a seventeen year old and I live with my mom, my dad, Tyler, my older brother and Justin my little brother. I'm 5'8". I don't look like my mother in nothing and my life is kind of a rebellion, my mom wants me to do something for my life but I just don't give a fuck about doing something for my life. I just think is a waste of time.
My family is wealthy family with money, so you can said we rich. My mom is a fashion designer and she always planning something new every time she has a chance and she always on business trip and we don't stay for to long in one place. My dad is president of his own company.
"Come on Vic" my mother said. "Vic" is the nickname she always called me since I was little. I look at my baby brother and I see that he sleeping in the car seat. I pick him up and place him in my shoulder and I walked up the stairs. 
Me and my baby brother have my mom dirty blonde hair. I have my dad blue eyes color and my baby brother also have my dads blue colors. 
"Is my buddy tired?" my dad asked Justin when he opens the door. Justin nods his head and my dad reached for him. He gladly takes my dads offered and up to his arms.
I walked to the living room and hear my mom talking on the phone. I sat on the couch and went to check my Instagram, Snapshot and my messenger but theirs nothing new. I check what time and it said 9:30pm. 
"Tori?" I heard a little softy voice. I look down a saw Justin reaching for me to pick him up. I pick him up and rest him in my shoulder.
"Whats wrong baby boy?" I ask him looking into his beautiful blue eyes "You tired?" I asked him and he nod.
"Can you stay with me?" he asked me giving me puppies eyes.
"Yes" I told him and walked towards my mom to tell her that I'm going to take him to his room.
"Mom I'm going to take Justin to bed" I tell her and she turns around.
"Sure thing Vic" she said I was about to leave but I heard her call my name again. I turned around and wait for her to said what she need to said.
"Tomorrow you have school" she said I just mumble an quick okay and with that I leave the kitchen and upstairs to his room. 
When I reached the stairs I look for his room. To be honest I don't even know where my room or his room is. I walked around the hallway until I see a blue door with the words Justin on it. I enter and see that the walls was in the colors blue and white.
I placed my baby brother in his bed and tuck him in. I place a soft kiss in his forehead and lay back in his bed.
"Can you tell me a story?" he asked and I nodded.
"Once upon a time their lived a little boy Justin" I started "He liked to play with his friends. One day Justin came crying to his older sister because he lost his favorite toy. His sister help her cute little brother look for his toy. When they found the little boy toy, he was very happy and thanked his sister for helping him look for his toy.The end" when I finish the story I look over to see Justin sleeping peacefully. 
My eyes starts to become heaven and without realizing I dread into a beautiful sleep.


I really need to stop starting new books. Ugh! Sorry! Picture of Lucy Hale as Ella Pike side! Enjoy!(:
**Ella's Pov**
Harry:
One way or another I'm gonna find ya 
I'm gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha 
One way or another I'm gonna win ya 
I'm gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha
Zayn:
One way or another 
I'm gonna see ya 
I'm gonna meetcha meetcha meetcha meetcha 
One day, maybe next week 
I'm gonna meetcha, I'm gonna meetcha, I'll meetcha
Niall:
I will drive past your house 
And if the lights are all out 
I'll see who's around
Liam:
One way or another I'm gonna find ya 
I'm gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha 
One way or another I'm gonna win ya 
I'll getcha, I'll getcha
Louis:
One way or another I'm gonna see ya 
I'm gonna meetcha meetcha meetcha meetcha 
One day, maybe next week 
I'm gonna meetcha, I'll meetcha
Zayn:
And if the lights are all out 
I'll follow your bus downtown 
See who's hanging out
Louis:
One, two, three, four
All:
Na Na Na Na Na Na Na 
Na Na Na Na Na Na Na
Louis:
I wanna hold you 
Wanna hold you tight, 
I wanna hold you, 
wanna hold you tight. 
I wanna hold you, 
wanna hold you tight 
Yeah teenage kicks" 
right through the night.
Harry:
I wanna hold you 
Wanna hold you tight, 
I wanna hold you, 
wanna hold you tight. 
I wanna hold you, 
wanna hold you tight 
Yeah teenage kicks right 
through the night.
Zayn:
One way or another I'm gonna see ya 
I'm gonna meetcha meetcha meetcha meetcha
Harry:
One way or another I'm gonna win ya 
I'm gonna getcha getcha getcha getcha

I would just like to say that, these are how the characters look in my opinion. You can choose whoever you imagine as a picture and just because someone is not a celebrity does not mean they're not beautiful, a girl in my school inspired me to write this. 
There will be a lot of characters and most of them will be females. Most of them don't have a name because I found them off of google because not only celebrity's should be cast, but I'm not judging your decision.
Lucy Fernandez as 'Google Girl'
 Samuel Carter as Francisco Lachowski

Alexander Walters as Matthew Eriksson
Sahara Fernandez as ' Google Girl'
Hi guys, i'm sorry i haven't updated for so long. I was thinking of deleting the story and rewriting it. Hope you guys continue to support the other stories meanwhile!:))Thanks for your support! <3
Update: I've started re-writing the chapters. The chapters below are all re-written. Please share, vote and comment! :)))
Tristan's POV:I woke up and noticed that the football team was all laying on my bedroom floor and COD was still on the TV. I rolled my eyes then stood up to turn it off. I turned it off then went to my closet. I took out a black t-shirt, boxers, Blue jeans, and my ankle socks. I exited my room and walked into my bathroom. I took a shower and wrapped a towel over my waist. I looked at the mirror and saw it was all steamed up. I wiped it off with my hand. I looked at my damp hair and messed around with it. I put on my boxers and then my jeans along with my t-shirt which hugged my body because I was wet. I put on my socks then stepped back in my room. I put on my vans then walked downstairs and all the guys were in the kitchen."Where you goin Tristan? It's only Saturday bro." Justin one of the jocks asked. "No where just out." I said. They nodded and I left them in my house. It was stupid, but I'd be back later. I headed down to Mc.Donald's. I arrived at the fast food restaurant and went in. I looked at the menu and decided on a egg mcmuffin, two hashbrowns, and an iced coffee. I sat down in an empty booth. I took a bite of my mcmuffin and a sip of my iced coffee. Just then a person with a bike helmet on came in. They took off their helmet. It was a girl! She had blonde hair and blueish brown eyes and stood 5"10. I have to admit she was hot. She scanned the room then proceeded to the counter. She skipped the whole line and ordered. She placed the helmet on my table and sat down."Hey" I said. She looked at me then rolled her eyes"Sup" she replied "What is your name beautiful?" I asked. She took out her phone and texted someone. "Gorgina." She said "Yours?" She asked "Tristan." I answered. She took a picture of me then began texted again. "Already trying to remember me beautiful?" I asked with a smirk. She rolled her eyes and got up to the counter. She grabbed a bag and left with her helmet.
Gorgina's POV:I left Mc. Donalds and got on my motorcycle. I moved here to Northwood County from Greenland Shore. My old school, Murrow was apperantly feared here in Northwood. I drove home and a bunch of boys were outside some house playing football. They all looked in my direction as I shut off my motorcycle. I smirked and hopped off. I took off my helmet and put a hand through my hair to fix it. I looked over to see them all with either lustful or shocked faces. I winked at them then I took out my keys to my house from my back pocket and unlocked my door. I stepped in and closed the door. I put my helmet on the coffee table and walked upstairs to my room. I jumped on my bed and took a short little nap.**** 3 hours later****"Gorgina sweetheart come downstairs we have a guest" My mom yelled from downstairs."Coming ma!" I yelled back. I ran to my closet and took out my red shorts, flower crop top, gold nike high tops, and my black cardigan. I put them on and headed downstairs. Once I got down stairs Mc. Donald's guy is there. He was looking at my family photo. I smirked then walked to my kitchen."Hey ma why is he here?" I asked her. "Oh sweetheart he was just coming over being a good neighbor." She answered. I walked back over to him and tapped his shoulder."So Tristan why are you in my house?" I asked him as he turned around "How do you know my name?" He asked. "Ugh you didn't answer my question, and You told me." I replied. He chuckled and answered "I'm just being a friendly neighbor." I rolled my eyes and looked at him dead straight. "Now how would you be a friendly neighbor to a bad girl?" I asked and threw him out of the house for fun. I smirked then went upstairs. I jumped on my bed and texted my best friend Opal.(O- Opal, G-Gorgina)G- Hey op😁O- Hey Gorg😝G- Wassup? O- Notin u?G- Just threw a neighbor out of my house.🏡O- OMG, really Gorge? Was it a boy or a girl?👦 👧G- Boy and I saw him this morning too lolO- Haha lmao😂G- I know right 😂wanna see a pic?O- Hell yahG- *Picture sent*O- Oh he cuteG- ehO- So how was the move?🏠->🏡🚛G- Kay but I wish you were hereO- me tooG- So when are u goin to come?O- IDK maybe over the weekend or some shitG- Oh ok gtg to sleep talk to you tomorrowO- Kk nighty night don't let the bed bugs bite🐜🌙G- lol night**convo end**I really wasn't going to sleep I just know we were going to talk forever. I put my phone in my back pocket and took my Porsche keys in there too. Then I opened my window and looked out of it. I saw that the roof was underneath my window, there was a tree next to my window, and a pile of unracked leaves in the floor by the tree. It's like the whole escaping thing was planned. I shrugged and took out my dummy and put it in the bed. I placed my recorder next to it and clicked the snoring button. I smirked and jumped out my window. I climbed down the tree and hopped into the pile of leaves. I got up and took the leaves out of my hair and dusted myself off. I didn't like that much dirt. I walked to the front of the house and reached for my Porsche keys from my back pocket. I got them and walked to my Porsche. I got in and revved the engine. I backed out of the driveway and drove to the nearest club. I parked out front and got out my Porsche then locked it. I went up to the door and walked straight through.
Edited 1/2/17
(Alice in the picture)
Alice's POV
"Ughh", I got up with a massive headache to the ringing of my alarm. Don't mistake me, it's not like I'm not a morning person or anything, its just that today is the first day of school and I've been sick for the past two days and am not feeling any better today. 
"Honey, are you awake yet? How are you feeling?" mom called from the kitchen.
"I'm still having a headache mom but I got to go."
"Oh baby, why don't you just take the day off and get some rest", she said, still trying to persuade me to take the day off.
"No way mom. Don't start off with that again."
Don't mistake me again. I'm not a nerd. It's just that I hate bunking school; it just makes me feel like I'm missing a lot.
"Fine then, I'll just ask Genelia to send her son to pick you up for school today since you can't drive and and you both are in the same class."
My eyes widened at mom's suggestion. Genelia was Aaron's mother and my mom's friend.
There was no way Aaron could come to pick me up today. I mean we haven't been talking to each other since a year.
"And I WILL NOT take no for an answer." With that, mom completed her order and walked out as I snorted in disapproval. Thankfully she didn't notice it, else I would be chided for my mannerisms.
I cut her off in between. "Anne stop; I'm okay, I have a slight headache and mum doesn't want me to drive alone so can you please pick me up today?"
"Yeah sure", she said not so surely.
"Okay then, but pick me up at the park near my place in twenty from now. I'll explain on the way", I said and hung up before she could question me further. I had to tell her everything and there was no doubt about that because Anne would find out anyway. 
Anne might not seem like a smarty pants or something but she is good at reading minds. Damn, she could be a psychologist at this age. And though she is bubbly, when she wants to find out something, she will use all her skills to do so.
Pushing away all thoughts I quickly got up, ignoring an ache that was bursting through my head and ran to the bathroom.
I came out and dressed in jeans shorts with a cool white top which had a big blue star on it. Not very impressive I know, but not like I am the 'Queen Bee' and shit, so who cares?
I had five minutes in hand after which I had to sneak out. I quickly glanced at a reflection of myself in the mirror. My blonde wavy hair fell naturally over my shoulders and came up to my belly button. By blue eyes were looking a little paler than usual because of my sickness and my legs were also seeming thinner and paler than usual. I was looking not too bad for someone with a height of 5'4. Yes, I am short.
I tied my hair into a ponytail and put on my boots. I slipped on a denim jacket after that and slowly sneaked down the stairs with three minutes in hand. 
Mom was still in the kitchen, humming some song. I opened the door without any noise and swiftly ran out.
I just reached the park when Anne arrived and then we drove off to school.
I told her the whole story on the way and she just sighed. "That was a close escape", she said.
We reached school in ten minutes with Sleep all day and Party all night blasting through the car's radio.
It was now time to face all the shit. 'You can do it Alice' I told myself and got out of the car. I somehow had a gut feeling that today was not going to be a good day but I just took a deep breathe and walked ahead saying - Coolidge High, here I come.
All rights reserved by _DarkestRose_
Copyright (c) 2013
Written by Jacinta Mitchell. 
Not all chapters are edited, when the book is complete I will have them edited though. In the mean time don't bitch about my shitty spelling.
Warning: there is swearing in this book, suggestive comments and dirty words. You have been warned. 
This book is original and I do not like being copied, please tell me if someone does and I will look into it.
Although this is a romance novel I am not comfortable writing sex scenes so there will most likely be none.
Also please don't advertise your books if you want you can PM me and I'll mention it in the author's comments.
Enjoy.
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
BadGirl? 
What does that mean? 
The title is a question for you to answer when everything is over, said and done. Will you believe she was really a bad girl? Or will you think that was just the reputation that followed her around?
Your opinion.
(Re-Edited)
I used to be one of those people who would hide themselves, who would get picked on by the bitches of the school, who didn't have any friends and the teachers hated me. My family was screwed up and confusing, my mother was a slut but my dad just couldn't see that.
But it all changed once I met him; Jesse Frey. He gave me the confidence to stand up for myself, to stand up to the bullies. He made me who I am today; the school bad girl. No, not the bully. Not the slut. I was the girl no one messed with but everyone liked. I stood up to those who caused fights and bullied people over stupid little things. This is the moment my life changed...
The moment I met him.
I was in year seven; I was rummaging through my locker to find my English work book. My pens and books were spilled out on the ground around me; I was a complete and utter mess.
"No wonder she has no friends, she's such a mess who would want a piece of shit like her," someone snarled behind me.
I knew exactly who they were; the popular's, the rich bitches, the plastics, whatever youwant to call them.
Their group was made up of the dumb but nice blonde (when she wasn't with the rest of her friends) Claire, than there was the smart brunette that acted dumb, Charlene, and the queen bitch Paige.
"Oi Jackie are you deaf now too?" Paige snapped pulling at my hoodie so that I fell over because I was in a crouching position. I landed flat on my ass. Yeah people saw but they didn't stop to ask if I was okay, they just walked on by. Why wasn't anyone helping me? For once in my life I wished someone did.
I started collecting up my scattered pens, books and other belongings when Paige points to a pen with her foot. "Jackie you're such a klutz, you missed one," she snarled kicking the pen further away. I followed the pen with my eyes as it slid across the floor and hit someone's foot. That someone picked it up and I looked to his face to see who it was. He well, was basically the school's bad boy, but he didn't seem so bad to me.
"Is this yours?" He asked pushing a hand through his thick black hair, and holding out the pen.
"Yep, thank you," I mumbled, taking my pen. As I brushed against his hand it sent warm shivers up my spine. Weird.
He turned to Paige and the other girls while I put my pen in my bag, "you should probably re-apply your crayola your face is coming off," he smirked at them.
"Since when did you care about anyone Jesse? Especially a nobody like her," Paige spat gesturing to me and I flinched at her verbal abuse. Even in my safe haven I was still abused.
"Get lost Paige your being a bitch, Jackie doesn't need you harassing her," he snapped at her and she frowned before stomping off with the rest of her posse.
"Thank you." I smiled at him when the bitches had completely gone.
"Anytime, I'm Jesse Frey by the way."
"Jackie Skye," I replied pulling at the strings of my hoodie to try and cover my latest bruise that Paige had done and someone else had worsened.
"Why do you hide yourself? And what happened to your eye?" He asked pulling back my hood revealing my dark red hair and tracing the bruise around my eye.
"Don't worry about it, I have to get to class, the teachers hate me enough as it is," I mumbled as the bell went but he made no effort to move, trapping me between himself and my locker. His face was inches away from mine. I could smell his minty breath hot on my face, his chocolate brown eyes were filled with some sort of emotion but I didn't know what it was. People only looked at me with pity and hate but that wasn't the case with Jesse.
"Can I walk you to class?" I nodded; I don't think I really had a choice anyway considering he wasn't moving.
We entered my English class and all eyes were on Jesse, then to me and then to our intertwined hands. I snatched my hand from his and hurt flashed through his eyes as he turned to Mrs Flint.
He mumbled something to her and she gestured to me to take a seat. I obeyed, and sat down, Jesse flashed me a smile as he left the room and no one said anything about it.
*~**~*
He moved halfway through the year. I miss him and still think of him often. He changed my life and I would never forget him and that tingling feeling I got whenever I was with him.
Jesse Frey... I will never forget you.
<><><><>
This is my 12vie work, so no hate mate.N
Ivy walked through the front doors of school, smiling wide and happy. One of his hands was occupied by his books while the other was intertwined with his boyfriend Christian's. His small fingers delicately placed between the Hispanic male's larger ones.
Ivy waved at his many friends in the halls and flashed his dimpled grin as often as possible. He liked smiling, making another persons day is what the short boy lived for.
His dark blonde hair often got in his eyes and he blushed when Christian brushed it away. The two boys stopped in front of Ivy's first hour class and shared a quick kiss, murmuring small goodbyes. The smaller boy skipped into the classroom and sat by the four other Hispanic boys he considered family. "Hey guys!" He said happily as he began getting out his supplies. "Hello Hermano." The one closest to him smiled, Tyler. "How are you and Christian?"
Ivy blushed and shyly said, "Amazing." All four boys laughed at him. Tyler, Tony, Billy, and Zane.
They all accepted Ivy and Christian. Everyone did. People even thought of Ivy as one of the girls considering he was on the volleyball team and part of cheer squad. His very small and feminine body only added to his girly-ness. At only five' three and petite, he could be mistaken for a girl.
The five talked for another five minutes before their lesson started. It was short and boring, and thankfully passed very quickly. When the bell rang signalling the end of the hour Ivy got a piggy-back ride from Billy out of the room. He was giggling and smiling as he was carried down the hall. He waved when seeing Christian but frowned when a glare was all he got in return.
Ivy's boyfriend grabbed his hand forcefully as soon as Billy set him down. A vice-like grip that crushed the small boys bones, holding back a wince he smiled up at his jealous boyfriend he said, "I love you." Christian grinned and loosened his hold, happy with Ivy now that he'd told him those three little words. "I love you too, preciosa."
The dominant boyfriend dropped Ivy's hand so he could take his books and talk with his cousins. Nobody noticed the small boy's teary eyes, or the way he rubbed his pale hand. They didn't even notice the already darkening skin.
***
Later that night Christian watched Ivy during volleyball practice. The short boy would smile anytime he caught the Hispanic males eye. His cheeks were flushed from running and his bright hair stuck to his cheeks and four head, sweat beaded down his neck, but Christian didn't care, he thought the boy was beautiful no matter what.
He loved Ivy with all his heart.
Christian knew that Ivy was his future and planned to propose right after high school. The kids in school and adults in town thought the boys would marry, they were in love. People could see that.
Ivy ran to Christian after practice, giving him a sweaty hug and giggled. "Can I come over tonight? Please?" He asked in a pouty voice, widening his eyes at the tall boy. Christian smiled adoringly and nodded, "Of course, querida."
Lacing their hands together the two walked home. "Want me to make something when we get home?" Christian asked as the neared his house. The smaller of the two nodded and pressed a quick kiss to the others cheek. He loved his boyfriend's cooking and would accept the offer even if he wasn't hungry.
Christian unlocked his house and lead the way to the kitchen. Ivy took a seat on the table and swung his feet back and forth, enjoying watching his boyfriend cook and be so focused. "I love you," He murmured when he caught the other's eye.
Christian blushed slightly and looked down, then back up. "I love you too, forever."
Soon, he was done cooking and gathered some tacos onto a plate for Ivy. The hungry boy thanked his boyfriend as he took the plate, but cringed when he didn't get a good enough grip and it slipped between his fingers and dropped onto the tiled floor. A crash rang through the house and Ivy kept his eyes down, not wanting to see Christian's face.
His heart sped up when the other gripped the back of his neck tightly and yelled, "Are you really that stupid?" Christian threw his small boyfriend onto the ground, straight into the shards of plate and continued with, "I spent time to do something nice for you, and this is how you repay me?"
Ivy looked up in fear and pain. Glass was dug into his leg but he knew that there was more to come. "You ungrateful little bitch!" A punch connected to the side of his face and crashed onto his side with a loud yell of pain. "I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to, I love you!" Ivy said loudly as he began to cry. "Please forgive me?"
He got no answer other than another punch, then Christian stormed from the kitchen and into the living room. He laid there in tears as blood ran from the cuts on his legs and his face throbbed. He knew he deserved it, Christian loved him and wouldn't punish him unless he deserved it. But, Oh God, it hurt.
***
Ivy walked into Christian's room, a sad look on his face. "Baby, I'm so sorry. Please, please, please forgive me?" He said quietly and watched where his boyfriend was faced away from him on the bed. He heard a sigh and then, "It's okay querida, I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have hurt you."
Ivy smiled wide, happy the boy had forgiven him. "It's fine, there's no bruise... can we snuggle?"
Christian opened his arms and warmly hugged his boyfriend.To Ivy, this was the best and safest place in the world. In the comfort of Christian's presence. Giggling quietly, he placed a kiss to the larger ones jaw and murmured a tired goodnight, and fell asleep.
UNDER © 2010 Jacqueline Michelle
-------------------
Every girl remembers her first kiss.
Mine was at the age of five. It was right after making numerous mud pies with my best friend Chase on a warm, sunny, August afternoon. It was quick, simple, and purely experimental. After the kiss, we giggled, wiped the "cooties" from our mouths, and ran over to the swing set.
Chase and I did everything together. We went swimming in his pond, played hide and seek, tried to catch fireflies, watched Pokémon, built snow men, picked dandelions, played catch - the list goes on and on. We share a special connection, one nobody else seemed to understand.
Chase was the son of my mother's best friend, Rebecca. For the first seven years of our lives, we were inseparable. Then, Chase's father got a job offer in California, causing the whole family to move 3,000 miles away.
Because we were only kids, we weren't able to use the phone line or email like our mothers. So instead, we wrote letters to each other. When I say letters, I mean a piece of notebook paper with a few messy sentences on it, enclosed in an envelope that our mothers filled out with the mailing information. We kept the letters going for a few months. Gradually over time, the letters became less frequent. Eventually, they stopped. Although our mothers continued to stay in touch, Chase and I moved on with our lives. We grew up, made new friends and forgot about each other.
Until last week, when my mother brought up his name for the first time in a number of years.
"Hayden, do you remember Rebecca and her son, Chase?" His name felt so unfamiliar, and sounded so foreign. Yet, it struck some melancholy into my heart. It was as if my brain didn't remember, but my heart did.
"Vaguely," I muttered.
"Well, I was talking to Rebecca on the phone the other night and she invited us to spend the summer at their house."
"In . . . California?" Slowly, it was all coming back to me.
"Yes. They've got a beautiful house in Santa Monica, right on the shore," my mother said, with a cheerful tone. She wasn't very good at hiding her excitement.
"And Rebecca wants us to come?"
"Yes. She thinks it would be a great way to reconnect and get our families close again." A bright, pearly grin appeared on my mother's face. "Your father thinks it's a great idea too! He said he misses John's knee-slapping jokes."
I couldn't tell if I wanted to go or not. So mentally, I made a pro and con list.
Pro: Going to California and getting out of boring Connecticut for a while.
Con: Spending my summer going into senior year away from my friends.
Pro: Seeing my childhood best friend after spending ten years apart.
Con: Having it be completely awkward and starting fresh because we've changed and no longer know each other well.
Pro: Making my mother happy.
Con: Possibly making myself unhappy.
My mother must have interpreted my internal thinking as displeased silence, because she said, "If you don't want to, Honey, I'll understand. But, if you don't go, your father and I can't go because as parents we can't leave you home alone for three months. I know it's very last minute, and I shouldn't have sprung this on you. I was just so excited to finally see my best friend, but it's okay if you say no."
Oh crap, I thought. I hate when parents pull the guilt trip.
I squeezed my eyes shut, took a deep breath, and said, "Fine, I'll go."
The expression on my mother's face was priceless - a combination of joy, relief, thankfulness and excitement. It was a bittersweet feeling to see my mother so happy about a sacrifice I had made. Despite being far away from my friends in, an unknown area, with someone I hardly knew anymore, I strongly believed that Karma would help me out in the end.
---------------------------------
Feeedback please! Just please give me a quick comment and a vote! Thanks guys!
PS victorious, who this chapter is dedicated to, is the best editor ever. my writing would be crap without her!
I have done it again.
My parents don't care.
Friends? HA I don't have any.
I hate myself.
I'm worthless.
Nobody loves me.
I should just get it over with ..... I should just kill myself
And that's what I did.......................
2 hours later...........
BEEP, BEEP, BEEP, BEEP
Ugh what is this, does hell sound like this?
 I try to move,  but I feel someone touching my arm.
Opening my eyes, I see a pretty lady with curly hair and brown eyes writing something on a clipboard.
"Oh you're awake "she said smiling.
"Where am I?" Knowing where I was but didn't want to believe it.                                                     
"Honey you're at the hospital" she replied in a soft voice.
"Who bought me here?" I knew nobody was home when I had the chance to end my life.
"Your aunt, she called 911 saying you were in the bathroom bleeding from your wrists and they went to get you. But your aunt is not here can I have her number?" aunt? I don't have any aunt that I know of. Both my parents are single child. 
"Hey mom I need to talk to you!!" a boy my age came in with another boy.
 "Scott! Don't you see I'm working?" The two boys turned to look at me and the bandages on my wrists.
 "I'm so sorry sweetie, my son and his friend doesn't know the meaning of work" she replied in a calm voice, I just nodded back trying not to get attention from them.
 "I'll be back to get your aunts number" she grabbed the boys and walked out.
 Why couldn't I leave this world, I think god hates me and likes to see me suffer.
 I feel alone, unwanted and tired.
 Drifting into a painless sleep I think to myself who would have cried if I ended my life....
This is one of the funniest bad boy stories. I seriously can't stop laughing when a read it!
Description:
"You'll be fine?" I shrieked. "You just got freaking stabbed! You're letting out more blood than a girl on her period! You are not going to be fine! I have to call the police. No wait, I have to call an ambulance! Oh my god, why didn't I think of that before! Stupid, Genevi-!"
"Stop talking!" He growled, turning away. I wrung my hands together in panic, trying to calm myself down."I can take care of this, kitten. Leave me alone. It's just a small wound. Not like I haven't been stabbed before," he muttered the last part.
"What?!"
"Leave." He growled. I stared at him, unable to close my mouth. I had never seen someone get stabbed before. Heck, I had never seen someone get in a fight before. Ever. The only violence I have experienced was in movies. It was unfortunate for me that I found out how I would react in a danger situation like this. And by react, I mean completely flip the hell out.
*LANGUAGE WARNING*
"Selena, wait please." I find myself grasping at my girlfriends fingertips as we weave through the people in the club.
I couldn't quite catch up to her, but when she got into the black sprinter van i got in right behind her. 
"What the fuck?" I question and she stares at me with wide eyes.
"What the fuck? What the fuck yourself! I come to your release party just to see you flirting with 3 different girls! Fuck you Y/N!" She yells at me and i roll my eyes.
"You're joking, right? I was speaking to Lauren Jauregui because we were in the studio together a few days ago-" 
"Doing what? Fucking?" Selena cuts me off and i take a deep breath before continuing.
"To help her write a song. I just updated her on how the track was going. She was with her girlfriend Lucy and her bestfriend Dinah. Now, can you please just relax?" I question and she huffs, but does not make a snarky remark.
MUST READ!
PLEASE READ!
I've entered the Wattys2015, i probably wont win but i wanted to give it a go.
I have someone editing my book therefore if there's any changes, its because I edited my book. I do still update every week. 😀 And i want to remind you that this book is fictional, so please dont complain about it being unrealistic. Another thing: I really don't appreciate hate comments, so if you don't like my book, don't read it. It pisses me off when people say 'oh I love your book but...' then start ranting about it, that doesn't mean you love my book. If you don't like how I wrote my story or how this happened in my story, too bad, it's my book and I will write it, how I please. Once again, if you don't like my book, have a bit of decency and remove it from your library and don't comment bull.
Thank you.
Picture of London Pierce
London Pierce's POV
I looked at myself in the rear view mirror again, making sure I looked presentable. My straightened, dark brown hair, cascaded past my shoulders and down to my waist. I checked my make up, making sure it wasn't smudged.
I added a bit of blush for some colour and applied a bit of mascara, which helped emphasize my dark, brown eyes that had a tinge of green. I reapplied my lipgloss on my pouty lips.
I looked down at my summer dress, which flowed down to just above my mid thigh. It was a white dress with beautiful red flowers printed on it and had a small, black, plaited belt. The dress hugged around all my curves. I also had on a pair of black flats,to complete my look.
You're probably wondering why I'm all dressed up. Well, I'm finally going to see my dad and my brothers after two years.
For the past two years I've been studying for my degree in art. I had just finished university and finally got my degree.
This meant that I could finally go home. 
So here I am, on my way back home. I don't need a job since my dad and my brothers are in a gang, which makes us super rich but i would still like to become a famous artist.
Yep, you heard right, they're in a gang, which by the way I'm not a part of. They wouldn't allow me, after what happened to my mum.
Just thinking about her made my eyes well up. My mother had died, by helping my father. Which led to her death...
Using this as a reason, they didn't want me to be apart of the gang, and to be honest I'm glad I'm not apart of it. I've never wanted to be in a gang. I mean it's like asking for a death wish.
I really didn't want my family to be in a gang but I can't do nothing about it since my dad is the gang leader. He can't just leave his gang.That's another reason why my father sent me away and now, I'm finally going back. To say I was excited was an understatement.
However, before I carry on let me introduce myself. My name is London Pierce.I'm from England and I'm 19 years old. I have one older brother and one younger bother and one best friend called Nazzie Luis, who I fucking love to bits. My birthday is on June the 19th.
My family is apart of the London Enemies. I'm sure guessing by the name, you can tell my dad's gang has a lot of enemies. My dad's gang is the second largest.The first being; The Feared Ones. I don't know much about them, except from the fact that everyone is afraid of them. The leader of that gang is called Shadow, or I think that's what his name is. . . An odd name if you ask me but how can I talk, my names London but I really need to do my homework on gangs. I swear one day, me not knowing anything about gangs will bite me in the arse.

Aku berjalan di koridor sekolah , mencari kelas yang telah ditetapkan kepadaku . Sekolah ini besar dan aku berada di aras 3 , blok pantai . Itu apa yang cikgu cakap . Kelas aku , kelas 2 Amanah , aras 3 , blok pantai dan aku di blok yang betul dan aras yang betul . 
Aku malu nak bertanya . Dahlah aku ni jenis pendiam dan tak suka bercakap , tapi bak kata perpatah malu bertanya , sesat jalan . Tiba - tiba , seorang lelaki berbual bersama - sama rakan - rakannya di tepi koridor .
"Awak , tumpang tanya , kelas 2 Amanah kat mana ?, " aku bertanya kepada budak lelaki yang aku fikir mungkin sebaya denganku . 
Dia memandangku tidak berkelip . Bagaikan sedang melihat sesuatu benda asing . Aku tak tahu nak buat apa . Tanganku dilambai di hadapan mata lelaki itu .
"Awak , saya tanya ni,"bagai tersedar dari lamunan , lelaki itu segera mengosok matanya . Mungkin agak sakit kerana terbuka terlalu lama .
"Kelas 2 Amanah? Itu yang kat hujung koridor itu ,"lelaki itu menunjukkan aku Kelas 2 Amanah. 
"Terima kasih ," aku mengucapkan terima kasih kepada lelaki itu .
"Kasih diterima ,"lelaki itu mengenyitkan matanya kepadaku . What the?Lelaki gatal !Kepada hari pertama sekolah aku dah berjumpa dengan orang macam tu . Whatever.
Aku masuk ke kelas . Masa aku masuk ke kelas , semua orang tengok aku macam nak telan aku. Kenapa pelik sangat ke cara aku pakai tudung ? Ke  cermin mata aku terbalik ? Semuanya tak . 
"Assalammualaikum ," aku memberi salam kepada  semua penghuni kelas itu . Tiba - tiba bunyi bisik - berbisik kedengaran . Kadang - kadang mereka menjeling ke arah ku . Aku takut . 
Tiba - tiba lelaki yang aku tanya tadi datang . Dia senyum ke arah ku . "Budak baru , jomlah masuk . duduk terjegak kat pintu itu buat apa ,"dia menarik beg sandangku . Aku cuma mengikut sahaja langkahnya sehingga ke hujung kelas .
"Tempat sebelah aku ni kosong . Duduklah ,"dia menunjukkan meja di sebelah tingkap , bersebelah mejanya . Jarak antara meja dengan meja yang lain hanya sehasta , taklah jauh mana. 
Aku duduk di kerusi yang disediakan . Tempatku betul - betul bersebelahan lelaki tak apa nama ntah . Depan aku pun lelaki . Hish ,tak senang duduk pula rasanya .
"Hei , kau! Nama kau apa ?,"lelaki sebelah aku itu tanya nama aku dengan nada yang kasar. Alah biasalah , lelaki memang macam itu .
"Dian ,"aku membalas sepatah.
"Hai , aku Azrul ,"dia memberi tahu namanya kepadaku .Azrul ? boleh tahan kacak jugak lah . Dialah orang pertama yang aku kenal ...


Prologue
Define nerd? Isang katawa-tawang nerd, may malaking salamin, hindi marunong manumit, at magulo ang buhok. Yan ang nerd.
Si Winter ay isang nerd. Palaging binu-bully at pinag-tatawanan.. Wala din siyang kaibigan kahit isa..
But what if one day, magbago ang anyo niya..
Hindi nila alam na sa isang nerd ay may nakatagong magandang dyosa..
Subaybayan natin ang kwento ni Ms. Nerd sa kanyang pagta-transform..
****
Mornings in the Williams house was always chaotic, usually a spur of clothes littering the floor and an apocalyptical blend of raised voices coupled with curses from one brother to the other. 
" Goddammit! " the eldest, Jason, shouted as he tripped on a pile of dirty underwear. 
" Kyle! Pick your fucking laundry up! I swear to god this house is a fucking pig sty." He sighed before getting up and running his hand over his hair, something he usually does when he's upset. 
" Morning Jas. " I said, giving him a soft smile. His blue eyes landed on me and instantly softened upon recognition.
" Hey Lex." He said and walked over to me, placing a kiss on my forehead. " you ready for your first day?" 
" I'm kinda nervous. What if high school hates me?" I said, looking down to fiddle with the hem of my oversized sweater. 
" Don't be, baby girl. I'm sure everyone will love you. Besides, no one messes with my favorite girl." He said flashing me a blinding white grin. 
I giggled and put my arms around his waist, my head just reaching his chest. 
" Thanks Jas." I said smiling as I felt his strong arms encircle my tiny figure, giving me a tight squeeze. 
" Anytime, princess." ---
Skipping downstairs I was greeted with the familiar smell of sizzling bacon and pancakes. 
" Good morning everybody." I greeted, walking past 2 of my brothers but was quickly stopped by an arm grabbing me and pulling me down to sit on someone's lap. 
I turned around to face my third eldest brother Roman, who simply smiled and kissed the top of my head. 
I heard a few growls from the other 2 boys as the jealousy permeated throughout the dining room. 
" I was about to hold her." My second eldest brother, Kyle, said. He made a move to stand up, the chair scraping the marble floor. 
" Too late, I'm holding her today." Roman said, smirking as he pulled me closer to his chest. 
I swear the sheer amount of testosterone in the air was suffocating me as my brothers tensed with the threat of a fight in the morning. 
" Guys, I'll just sit in my own chair, alright?" I said, hoping they would stop. 
"Why don't you ever do teenage things?"

I look up from my book, and readjust my glasses. My mother leans against my bedroom door frame, with a concerned look upon her face. "Don't you have any friends, Amy?"

I can't help but sigh. It seems as though we have this same conversation every week. "Mother, I have friends at School. I just like being alone. I've told you this before, you know."

"I know, Darling. But it just seems lonely. You're always cooped up in your room or in that treehouse of yours, reading all those books."

"Mom, I like those books." 

My mom sighs, giving up. "Okay, okay..."

I give her a small smile, and then return to my book. "Dinner will be ready in five," she says.

I look up once more to watch her turn to leave. Before she closes the door, she looks down and quietly murmurs, " Maybe someday instead of reading all these stories, Amy, you'll live one of your own."

I frown, and watch the door close. My room feels empty, and I digest what my Mother just said. 

It's not that I don't want to have fun...It's just that I don't really think it's all that necessary. 

Between School work, my job, and my family, I'm never really presented with any free time. I've never really been upset by this. It just seemed like the way of my life.

Should I be upset by that?

I decide to think about my problems later, and go ahead downstairs and help my parents set the table for dinner.

"The first time in  two months," I hear my dad say. I can feel the concern in his voice. "Brian, Paris is just a little overbooked, that's all. This college thing has her struggling with classes and student loans, and God knows what else! You can't really blame her honey."

 My mother talks about my older sister, Paris. In the Summer she enrolled at the University of North Carolina, and she hasn't come home to visit since. I find it interesting that my mom believes Paris is hard at work at college. Unlike me, Paris lives for the party. It follows her around. She's the absolute definition of reckless. The only thing I believe she's actually working off is all the alcohol she's chugged.

"Ma!"

Speak of the Devil.

The door bursts wide open, and in comes Paris. Her hair is a wild and amazing mess of blonde dreadlocks. They fall around her face, which is flushed from the cold outside. She stomps into the living room with heavy studded boots and an Asking Alexandria tank top that barely covers her stomach.

"Amy!" 

I laugh aloud as I'm wrapped in Paris's warm embrace. Yeah, my sister was sort of crazy, but she was also sort of the only friend I really have.




Sa chat nagsimula ang lahat . . .Hindi ko inaasahan na ganon ang mangyayare. . .Sa isang iglap, gumulo ang buhay ko . . .
ng dahil sa kanya . . .
* Oliver Gonzales Accept your friend request*
Kyaaa. Si Oliver Gonzales inaccept ang friend request ko! Ichachat ko sya no matter what!
Me: Hi Oliver. Oliver: ✓Seen 8:05pmMe: Oliver! Wuy. Oliver: ✓Seen 8:15pmMe: Oliver, mamansin ka naman oh. Oliver: Ano! Me: Galit ka? Oliver: Nope. Me: Ahh akala ko galit ka e. Hahaha. Oliver: ✓Seen 8:19pmMe: Uyy. Wag mo naman akong i-seen. Oliver: ✓Seen 8:23pmMe: Uyy naman! Oliver: ✓Seen 9:28pmMe: Letche! Nakakainis na ha! 😡 Porke ba famous ka, mang-i-snob ka na!😡 Hmpp. Ganyan naman kayong mga famous e. 😡Magsama sama nga kayo! 😡Oliver: Oliver Gonzales is typing...
To be continued . . .

---BOOK TWO LINK: https://www.wattpad.com/story/89057841-be-with-you-forneverTitle: Be With You ForNever

Một chàng trai đang nằm ngủ trên chiếc giường lớn với tấm ra giường màu đen tuyền... làn da trắng bệt của tấm lưng anh càng nổi bật hơn, đối lập về màu sắc khiến cho ánh mắt cô không thể rời khỏi đó.
~~~
Trên thế giới này, không có gì tồn tại mà không có ý nghĩa của nó, thứ nào cũng có vai trò riêng của mình. Thậm chí, những vật không tồn tại dưới dạng thực thể, như việc hai người đi lướt qua nhau... cũng phải mang trong nó một định mệnh nào đó.
Cuộc gặp gỡ của hai người họ, không phải chỉ đơn thuần là gặp mặt rồi chia cắt... ẩn sâu trong cuộc hành trình đó, chính là một sự thay đổi lớn, cho cả hai thế giới, MS và thế giới của chúng ta.
...
10.00, khu rừng phía Đông, lục địa Trung Tâm, Magico Star*.
Dù là buổi sáng, nhưng mọi thứ vẫn chìm trong bóng tối. Những tán lá của cây cổ thụ quá dày và rộng, đã chặn lại tất cả ánh sáng mặt trời. Nhưng chính vì như vậy, nên một loài thực vật nhỏ bé có tri thức tên là Hắc Vũ mạnh mẽ sinh sôi, mạnh mẽ phát triển.
Chúng là những hạt cỏ nhỏ xíu màu xanh lục, nhìn khá giống với chiếc lông vũ, ban đêm còn phát ra ánh sáng lấp lánh rất đẹp mắt. Khi đó nếu ngồi trên cây mà nhìn xuống, ta sẽ không thể phân biệt được đâu là những ngôi sao và đâu là Hắc Vũ.
Hắc Vũ... những sinh vật đáng yêu, ngày ngày nô đùa, ngày ngày trật tự di chuyển theo hàng đi khắp nơi trong rừng để thưởng ngoạn cảnh sắc.
Trong không gian bất tận đó, đột nhiên có một tiếng gào lớn, làm cho kinh hãi vạn vật: "Mau bắt lấy nó. Tuyệt đối không được để nó chạy thoát."
Bọn Hắc Vũ hoảng hốt nấp hết vào những hốc cây nhỏ, nghiêng người nhìn ra bên ngoài.
Một tốp người to con, cầm theo vũ khí đang đuổi theo một cô gái có thân hình nhỏ bé.
Mồ hôi chảy dọc thái dương của cô.
Người đuổi người chạy, chục người bọn họ đã chạy dọc khu rừng từ khuya hôm qua, gây náo động khắp nơi.
Cô thở dốc. Sinh ra là tiểu thư trong một gia đình quý tộc, cô đã quá quen với việc ngày ngày có người chăm sóc, đêm đêm có người hầu hạ... việc chạy thục mạng như thế này, là một việc từ trước đến nay cô chưa bao giờ làm... thậm chí còn chưa bao giờ nghĩ đến, mình sẽ rơi vào tình huống như thế này.
Cô nấp tạm vào một khóm cây bên đường, thở mạnh... từng hơi thở nặng nhọc.
"Tiểu thư ơi, mau dậy đi, cháy rồi!!"
"Tiểu thư, hướng này..."
"Á... căn nhà này sắp sập rồi, mau chạy ra ngoài."
"Mọi người chạy đi."
"Hướng đó, mau chạy theo hướng đó."
~~~
"A...! Ba mẹ tôi đâu?"
"Ba mẹ tôi đâu rồi?"
Mặc cho cô có gào thét tới khản cổ, mọi người xung quanh cũng chẳng có ai quan tâm, lúc đó, bọn họ bận nhìn tòa lâu đài rực lửa, cố tìm ra một bóng người vẫn còn sót bên trong.
I was in big trouble this time! And I mean real trouble, not the I’m-late-on-a-school-day-night or I-broke-mum’s-favorite-vase type of trouble. No. This time it was the real thing with people with guns chasing after me. And let me tell you this: those weren’t water guns.
How I got mixed up in all of this?
It all started like a teenager’s movie: a girl moving to a new town and a new school, meeting with the bad boys and starting to hang around them. Not that they were that bad really; they were just a little… hmm… troubled?
But hey, where are my manners? I didn’t even introduce myself.
Hi!I’m Alissa but you can call me Alice. I’m seventeen years old and I moved here to live with my aunts Azalea, Flora and Rose. Yes, it was a long-standing tradition in our family – the Greens, to name the girls after flowers. My name comes from the alyssum flower which is derived from the Greek "against" combined with "madness", since it was believed to cure madness. A strange name for someone as nutty as me but…
Anyway, my story has nothing to do with my name.
It has to do with three boys, me picking up a new skill and… Oh, it’s a long story. Are you ready to hear it?
Isabelle kamikaze As Mia Chrisshane Torres
Third lapat ngamchaweng As Justine Dizon
Neko kamikazeAs jhem Claire Galang
Marc thanat As Kyle pineda
Mind kamikazeAs Yasmine Gopez
Peter kamikazeAsAaron Gabriel Lacsamana
    "All classes please report down to the gymnasium, our assembly will begin shortly." The loudspeaker blared and a fellow classmate of mine shot up out of his seat.     "W-what? I'm sorry, mom! Please! I didn't mean to kill the fish!" He exclaims sleepily and then looks around. His face turns as bright as a tomato on color steroids. "I- uh. Excuse me." He mumbles and speed walks right out of the home-room.     "Jasmine, Jasmine... JASMINE!" Kaelynn shouts in my ear and I swat her hand away from my cheek as she goes to poke it. She was my best friend, but I couldn't express how much her annoying poking bugged me.     "What?!" I snap and her eyes widen. Fear flickered in her eyes and I smirked a tad.     "You were about to doze off... we wouldn't want to have another incident like what happened with fish-boy." Her laugh echoed and we received a few glares. I huff and shake my head. "I say we get going, find a few chairs to call." She says and grabs her backpack, flinging it over her shoulder. I nod my head in approval at the suggestion and grab my own bag. 
    It took a few minutes to get through the hallways that were packed with teenagers shouting and talking among themselves. Shattered pieces of gossip were spread around, I could only get fragments. 
"Did you hear that they have a lottery f-" 
"I hope I get chosen!"
"I'm like, totes going. I already know it!" The last voice I heard I turned ever so slightly to see. It was Makenna Lor. The most popular bitch in the school, and I'm sure she held crown for the bitchiest bitch in this whole bitchy world. She caught me staring and looked me up and down. Scoffing to her friends about how I have no style. Scared I was going to do something I would later regret, I stormed to the gymnasium and saw three open seats. I made my way towards them while Kaelynn was shouting and complaining at me to slow down. I threw my bag down, claiming the seat.     "There, I got us seats!" I smile triumphantly and sit down. My bag was on the floor in between my feet. Kaelynn nods her head. Silently agreeing. "How have you been lately?" I ask, trying to make small talk with her. She groans and rubs her face with her hand.     "The parentals have been fighting a lot more lately. I'm not sure why, though. They won't say." She says frustratedly. Her eyebrows were furrowed as she frowned.     "Hopefully everything will get better, I'm sure your parentals will work it out." I reply solemnly to her and more kids start to fill up the seats.      "How have you been?" Kaelynn asks and I shrug. "Aunt Mika just got a boyfriend, I'm really happy for her. But he scares me, he was drinking a lot when she wasn't home one night. Then he called some of his friends over. I'm so glad they don't know about me... yet." I gulp and jump when the speakers come on. Kaelynn nods sadly to me and pats my hand.     "Welcome! Students of Ridgewood High. Today, we will be announcing the winners of the lottery!" Our principal smiled at all of us and I vaguely remember signing a application to do this. Oh... "The winners are... drumroll please! Callum Ryder and Jasmine Caverly!" My jaw dropped to the ground as I heard my name.     "Oh my god! Go up there!" Kaelynn basically pushes me out of my chair and I walk up to the principal. Still stunned at what was going on. I grab the two envelopes out of her hand and she smiles warmly at me. I see Callum in front of me, standing arrogantly in front of everyone.     "Go over there, next to him." The principal whispers and I walk with numb feet next to him. He turns and eyes me, his lip turning up in a slight smile.     "At least I didn't get paired with a total looser." He says and I resist the urge to smack his smile off his smile.     "Sadly I got paired with you..." I mutter and look at the envelope. The name, MALCOM ENTERPRISES was printed on it. I trace my finger over the writing and clutch it closer in my hands. I cannot believe this was happening, I was excited; but at the same time scared to death. Especially having Callum as a traveling partner. We were not able to go anywhere without the other, part of the rules I guess. The rest of the school claps, but some girls. Including Bitchy Makenna. Sit there, sulking that they didn't get the award.     "One hundred days I'll be spending with you, we might as well exchange phone numbers so we can talk." Callum says, he sounded bored. He hands me his phone and I give him my number while he does the same. "I'll call you later, sound good?" He asks and I give a small smile.     "Sounds good, talk to you later." I reply and we walk our separate ways. He went back to his group of friends and I went to sit next to Kaelynn. Who was shaking happily; similar to a dog when it was getting a bone.     "I'm so excited for you! Oh my god!" She shakes my shoulders and I cringe.     "I'm paired with Callum. Anybody but him." I groan and the bell rings. The students all excitedly exited. Today was Friday and I didn't have things to do so I walked with Kaelynn slower than normal. She walked me to my car and we said our goodbyes. I threw my bag in the backseat before pulling my truck; a big black Ram. Out of the school parking lot and towards my house. Everything hit me so suddenly, I was going on a hundred day vacation all over the world with Callum Ryder. The schools bad boy. What did I ever do to deserve this? I pulled into my driveway and parked. Quickly, I opened the envelope and read over its contents. My jaw dropping as I read each and every word. The pictures in the fest envelope were stunning and in the second envelope lay the dates and items I needed to bring.
Well, that went well. If I do say so myself. I am in current need of editors, but for now I ask if you point out mistakes in the writing. Thank you'!I really hope I can finish this book. I want to, badly! Keep encouragement coming or else I probably won't ever update again because of my laziness. XD
            
Everyone deserves a happy ending. Everyone deserves a lifetime partner.
Hindi mo malalaman kung sino talaga ang para sa iyo kung magiging bitter ka.
Bawat tao nagkakamali. Hindi mo din maiiwasan na maloko ka ng taong mahal mo but he deserves another chance.
Give him a chance tulad na lang ang ginawa ni Uniquea kahit sobrang sakit ng ginawa ni Teejay ay pinatawad niya ito at nagkaroon sila ng masayang ugnayan. Masayang Relasyon. At masayang ending.
My English teacher dismisses the entire class a couple minutes before the lunch bell, as she wanted to talk to me privately. I twiddled with my thumbs nervously, as each student left the room one by one, leaving me alone at my desk. My friends gave me a reassuring smile, which I returned, as they disappeared through the door completely. Thousands of questions ran through my mind, as why Mrs Green wanted to keep me behind.
One question seemed to linger in my head more than others, was I in trouble? 
Pathetic as it may seem, I have never associated myself with any kind of mischief in the many years I've attended Crossville. Not once have I received a detention, a late mark, or even a bad grade. Not to sound boastful or anything, but I was, and still am, the perfect student. Well, so I thought. 
Mrs Green had her back to me, wiping away the revision notes that were once on the whiteboard. She placed the board rubber back in its designated spot in the corner, still leaving a few stray marks on the board. I had to use all the willpower in me to not point them out. I hated when teachers did that. Was it so hard just to clean it properly? I thought as she abandoned the still dirty board to sit at her desk. 
My eyes darted to various corners of the room, as my teacher compiled together unknown sheets of paper. The growing silence was making me more uncomfortable by the second. 
"There's no need to look so frightened Eliza." Mrs Green spoke. Despite the gentle tone, it had startled me nonetheless from my wondering mind. 
I cleared my throat softly, straightening my posture. "I-I'm not frightened." She looked at me skeptically from the top of her thickly framed glasses, before returning her attention back to the paperwork.
I heaved a sighed, staring through the window. I began to count the numerous clouds in the sky, as I continued to wait patiently. 
Mere seconds later, foot steps were heard against the wooden classroom floor, gaining my attention. I looked up to find a large male figure leaning lazily against the door frame. He looked incredibly familiar, but no matter how much it started to bug me, I couldn't put a name to the face. 
His presence also attracted Mrs Green, who immediately gave him a stern look. "Mr Samuels, you're late." 
The boy didn't look fazed or bothered under the teacher's gaze, which gave me the impression that he was used to this sort of welcoming.
"I had things to sort out." He replied, his face masked with an unpleasant look. 
Apart from his obvious beauty, his appearance looked unfriendly-frightening even. He wore dark clothes, which matched his almost jet black hair perfectly. I couldn't help but stare at his defined muscles under his black v-neck shirt- they weren't too big, nor too small. I found it immensely attractive. 
The boy's chocolate brown eyes flickered in my direction momentarily, before scowling deeply. My face flamed instantly, looking away from the eye contact we barely shared. He had caught me staring. 
"Mr Samuels, take a seat." I hear Mrs Green instruct to the boy. 
His feet pad across the classroom, drawing a chair from the desk. I turn to find that he had taken the seat next to me, despite there being at least twenty other chairs in the classroom. His dark eyes were trained forward, and I felt the need to do the same. The last thing I want is another awkward exchange. 
"So, you're probably wondering why you're both here." Mrs Green begins, giving us both a quick glance, before setting her eyes on the boy beside me. "Kale, I'm afraid to say your grades and attitude towards school is causing quite a concern amongst your other teachers and I. I won't even begin start on your atrocious behaviour..." She trails off, raising an eyebrow before continuing, "you're walking on very thin ice Mr Samuels, it just won't be tolerated for much longer." 
Меня зовут Маша,мне 17 лет.Живу пока в Одессе,с родителями.Как выгляжу?Так вот,рост 170,голубые глаза,каштановые волосы. В школе в Одессе училась на отлично,друзей было не много,характер у меня не отличный.Люблю только рок.Пока все.Начинаю.-Маша,вставай!Уже 12 часов!-кричит мама с другой комнаты.Я еле встаю,иду умываться и только сейчас поняла,а чего я не в школе?-Мам,а чего я вдруг не в школе?-с удивлением спрашиваю.Смотрю мама собирает вещи,даже мой чемодан собирает.-Мы переезжаем,мы едем к бабушке с дедушкой в Москву.-мама знала что я её от радости задушу.Так весь день прошел,собирали вещи,складывали мебели.И вечером уже полетели.Под утро уже были на месте,нас встретили бабушка с дедушкой.-Родные,как я за вами соскучилась,наконец-то будем вместе!-как всегда бабушка говорит свои милости,как же еще без поцелуев и обнимашек.Прошло полчаса и мы на месте,а у них двухэтажный,красивый дом.Когда я зашла,то я у порога так и осталась(с открытым ртом)Как же у них шикарно,как красиво.У дедушки с бабушкой есть свой бизнес,самый высокий в городе.В этом бизнесе все есть.(от автора:Извини за такую фантазию,просто так помечтала,любой хочет так,гыгы) -Ребята,для каждого найдется работа,Машу в школу!Я уже записал.Лиля и Сережа,вы в моем бизнесе будете(так родителей зовут)-заявил все дедушка.Бабушка пошла разбирать вещи по комнатам,я смотрела свою комнатку.-Садимся кушать,все готово уже!-зовет нас бабуля.Прошло 2 часа,до сих пор не вылезли со стола,так долго болтаем.-Мам,ты как всегда великолепно готовишь-подлизывает мой папа.Бабушка махнула рукой просто.Уже 22:00.Пора спать,а то завтра в школу.Утро,7:00,и я только встала.Смотрю на столе записка."Машуля,доброе утро!Мы уже ушли,надо ж родителей работу показать,так что ты все сама.Завтрак готов на кухне,если спишь,то говорю завтрак горячий!Чтобы не обожглась.Адрес школы знаешь,иди к директору,а он сам все знает.Целую,твой дед"Я читала,читала.-Чего так много пишет,от дедушка-проболтала под нос и пошла одеваться.Смотрю на шкаф,вещей столько,что не знаю что одеть.Ну одела светлые,рванные джинсы,футболку черную,белые кеды.Теперь стою и смотрю в зеркало,что ж мне делать с кучеряшками?Ну взяла просто собрала в пучок,глаза просто тушью накрасила.И пошла кушать.Смотрю уже 7:50,а школа в 8:00.Я опаздываю!!Схватила рюкзак и бегуу в школу,ну через 5 минут я уже там.-И все?5 минут потратила?Так школа не далеко от моего дома,чего тогда я бежала,тьфу-поговорила я сама собой.Одела наушники на всю громкость и пошла искать кабинет директора,дети носятся,прыгают,болтают,кто-то падает,кто-то шкафы рисует,кто-то в углу лижется(извините за выражение),кто-то играет в бумагу и ножницы,кто-то дерется,а вот кто-то просто читает книгу.И я остановилась,ради девочки сняла наушники.-Привет,можно спросить?-приветливо обратилась к ней,та которая читала книгу.-Привет,да конечно,я смотрю ты новенькая или я ошиблась.-закрыв книгу,подняла на меня глаза.-Да,я новенькая,я хотела спросить где кабинет директора?-Она поняла меня,взяла собой и мы пошли-Меня зовут Даша,а тебя как?Я так понимаю ты в 11?А то к нам должна новенькая прийти.-сказала та девочка,а она красивая такая.Зеленые,огромные глаза,ростом как я,блондинка.-Меня зовут Маша,да это я новенькая,я в 11.-сказала я.И тут меня как по мне случайно в плечо ударили,а то народу много,мало место,-Я:Извини,по-аккуратней.Меня ударил высокий,кареглазый,красивый пацан.-Маш,пошли!Эй,Маш?,-толкает меня Даша.Я вообще не обращала внимание на её крики,я смотрела на того высокого,да-да,я влюбилась с первого взгляда.-Ааа,что-что?Ты звала?-Наконец-то,а то я думала ты как и все без сознания будешь.-В смысле!?-Маш,он элита школы,все по нему сохнут,ты не одна.Честно я например нет,мне друг его  Влад.,-застеснялась Даша-Оу,а его как зовут?-Игорь.Ты хотела директора?Или нет?,-поменяла тему она-Эм,я поболтать хотела,а не то что хотела его прям.-Аяяяй,Маш.
I got out of my car and found a cart as I started making my way down the rows in the grocery store.
Since mom told me she was going to be late from work I decided to go grocery shopping to make lasagne tonight.
I grabbed a box of poptarts for tomorrow morning and that is when my phone chimed signaling a new text.
As I grabbed my phone out of my pocket I felt my cart hit something and when I looked up I met the most beautiful blue eyes I have ever seen.
My eyes travelled from those eyes to the lips down to his shirt and then my eyes widened in shock "oh my word I am sooo sorry, I have no idea what came over me! I really didn't mean to hit you and then get you t-"
"Just shutup" he cut me off in an angry tone. I realized then that he looked familiar but I couldn't place my finger on it "I am really sorry" I said after having cleared my throat.
He raised his hand to stop me from rambling again "I said shutup! Or do you want me to show you how?" I felt so offended but before I could give a sassy response he bumped his shoulder into mine and left as I stumbled a bit.
I stood there in shock for a moment as I tried to gain sense of the situation. It was then I remembered about my text and looked at it.
It was just my mom saying she would like lasagna. So that rude encounter just for my mom say its okay.
I rolled my eyes and put away my cellphone before I carried on shopping.
I got everything I need and even a little treat for myself. I am a sucker for a nice packet of chips.
I unloaded everything at the till and waited patiently as the girl who was very obnoxious ringed it all up.
I started to tap my finger in annoyance and all she did was smile at me and go even slower.
I rolled my eyes at that and took my phone out of my pocket to check the time and answer my mom.
By the time the girl was finally done I paid and placed all the packets into the cart before wheeling it out the door.
But that is when I stopped in my tracks as an alarm went off. I turned to go into the store but I was grabbed from behind and pushed against the wall facing the person.
I saw the same boy with an annoyed look on his face and flinched "please don't hurt me I said I was sorry"
Looking at me as if I was stupid, he shook his head and put his hand in my pocket before pulling out a pack of oreos "thanks for the food flower"
I glared "I never bought that" smirking at me he nodded "I know and that was your own stupidity. You can leave now... Oh and by the way"
He leaned in closer as he put his mouth to my ear "if I wanted to hurt you I wouldn't give you a chance to know its me" the tone in his voice sent shivers down my spine as my eyes widened.
He pulled away and started walking away from me "thanks again flower" and with that he was gone.
I let out a breath and walked back to my cart. I was about to push it to my car but I was stopped when two men with the words 'security' on their jackets grabbed me.
Can things get any worse?
*"I can't believe this Lindsay!" my mom said as she dug her keys from her handbag.
"Mom, I swear to you it wasn't me" I said in defence making her stop in her tracks as she turned to me "have you any idea how it feels to be called at work and hear the people from the store want to speak to you because your daughter stole something and denies it?"
With a sigh I shook my head "no I don't mom and I am sorry but I will not say I did something when I didn't"
She looked at me for a moment before looking away and saying "get in the car" as she got in on her side.
Once we were driving on the road she broke the silence "you are grounded for 2 weeks. No laptop"
I nearly jumped out of my seat as I raised my voice in defence immediately "what?! No mom c'mon I didn't do it"
"I have made up my mind" she didn't even look my way as she said those words making me sigh "please mom I di-"
"Do you want a month?!" cutting me straight off with a stern tone my mom stopped at the red light and turned to me.
Shaking my head I sat back in my seat and crossed my arms over my chest as I looked out the window.
Why did he look so familiar? And why would he do that to me? I said sorry and he was the one that was rude not me. If anything I should blame him for theft.
I still can't shake the feeling that I have seen him somewhere before. Even as I got out of the car and carried the bags inside I couldn't help but wonder.
I sat down on the couch and reached for the tv remote only to be stopped by my mom as she crossed her arms over her chest "I want your laptop and I want you in your room. I also want you to think of what you are going to tell the people to get your car back fast because I am not driving you anywhere"
I wanted to complain and tell her it wasn't me but the glare she was giving me made me stand up with a sigh and go to my room.
She followed and the first thing I did was give my mom my computer before she shook her head in disapproval and closed my door.
It honestly broke my heart seeing her so upset with me and knowing she won't believe that I didn't do it.
Besides it was only oreos I think taking my car and calling my mom was really overreacting because if you ask me they could have just made me pay.
Then again why would that guy do that? I mean I did apologise and he is the one who told me to shutup.
Gosh. I let out a sigh as I remembered I have no homework since I did it all during study hall.
So instead I just returned to my painting. I like to do art because its a way I can metaphorically express myself and what I feel, besides I am good at it.
So I finished off my painting of a girl sitting on a bench watching people talk among themselves and then in the background there was someone watching under a tree. 
I added in some colour here and there and it all came together more and more.
I really liked it by the time I was done and added my signature and then i smiled in appreciation as I looked at it with aww before going to the bathroom for a shower.
I washed my hair with shampoo that smelled like vanilla and then I scrubbed my body with strawberry bodywash.
I did take my time as I let the warm water relax my muscles and I let myself think about that boy with the blue eyes. It still bothers me about why he looked so damn familiar.
When I was done with my shower I got dressed in my Captain America pajamas and laid in bed as I saw that it was now 10 at night.
I didn't think that I was painting for so long until now. I didn't even eat, then again I wasn't really hungry.
So I laid down in bed and scrolled through my facebook to check what people have been up to.
It was when I saw a group photo of a few people in my school that I let my finger stop scrolling as it hit me.
He was in the picture next to his whole possy. I don't know why I didn't realize it before but now that I do I wish I never ran into him.
I sat up in bed and muttered to myself "It was Hunter Jones"
Okay guys. This is my new bad boy story. I hope you guys enjoy it!!!* I will start the second chapter when I have time again and  I will only update chapter per chapter if I get lots of comments and reads on this story!!* Tell me if you guys want to read this and I will continue it if you guys don't then ya. Okay so love yall!!* 
"So how are you feeling today?" My therapist asked me, as she paused her glasses over his nose and leaned on the back of his chair, holding the same clipboard and pen.
I nod my head and bite my thumb nail, "I'm doing well."
My therapist narrowed her eyes and put her clipboard on a small table that was next to her, "Are you sure, Zayden? You seem...stress." 
"I'm always stress, you idiot." I replied her silently. "Like I said I'm fine. May I go now?" I asked, glaring at her. She just shook her head, refusing me demand. 
I sighed and leaned back on the chair I was sitting on, "What do you want from me?" I whispered. I would love to get out of here. I don't know why I'm here. I'm a normal kid. I'm a normal kid. Normal...
"Zayden?" I blink my eyes to see my therapist with a worried look on her face. Nobody looks at me worry, only my family..."Are you okay?" she asked.
Why did everyone asked me that? I'm fine!! I'm normal kid that's all. I have normal life. A normal family. A normal school. Everything is normal.
"Zayden, all I'm asking from you, is to talk to me! I can help you, but only if you let me" she said in concern. 
The only person who can help me is my mother...which I need to see now. "I'm normal. That's all. I'm a normal kid that has everything normal," I said while getting up from the chair, grabbing my book-bag and walked towards the door.
My therapist voice stopped me from opening the door."If you're normal, then why are you here?" I stopped breathing for a moment. Why I'm here? I'm fine.
I didn't need to go to a shrink. But why did my dad send me there? "I don't know," I whispered and opened the door and left the school's therapy.
Hi my name is Vanessa.  I'm your typically shy quiet good girl.  Who only talks to her one bestfriend Claire.  Find out what happens when Vanessa meets the new badboy Tyler Parker.  Does she fall for him? Does Vanessa change Tyler's badboy ways or is he like every other boy at woodlind high?
 Korrine's POV
"Call Me Crazy, Shit At Least You CallingFeels Better When You let It Out, Don't It GirlKnow It's Easy To Get Caught Up In The MomentWhen You Say It Cause You Mad, Then You Take It All Back!"
Having Drake's smooth, soothing, and seductive voice fill my ears is everything that describes sexiness and perfection, but not when it's waking me up at seven in the morning on a Saturday. Especially since it's the last Saturday of summer vacation. This weekend is going to end just as quickly as it came, so I need all the rest I can get. Before I know it, I'll be opening up my eyes and forcing myself to look at power point slides full of notes, write essays, and solve math equations. So in this very moment, the last thing I need is to be woken up, even if it is by Drake.
I groan and slam my palm on the off button to my alarm before getting out of bed. My legs feel as if they're about to give up and cause me to pass out on my carpet. It makes me want to jump right back in the bed and sleep until my energy rises, but once I'm up, there's nothing that'll get me to fall back into a good sleep. If the alarm wasn't enough, the pounding on my door has gotten my full attention. Getting any type of peace and quiet in this house is beginning to seem impossible. "Who is it?"
"I've been waiting on you for half an hour now!" my momma yells.
"What are you waiting for?" I ask, swinging the door open. I don't realize how rude that came out until I see her lips form a frown and her eyebrows narrow in on me. I smile weakly before letting out a yawn. It wouldn't be too farfetched to say I woke up with an attitude, but her pounding didn't help.
"First off, you need to watch your tone of voice and remember who the hell you're talking to," she warns. She doesn't tolerate disrespect none. "Secondly, I told you I was taking you to do the last of your school shopping before I go to work, or would you just like to skip that?"
"Oh, yeah. I almost forgot," I say as memories start to rush to me. Last night she told me to be up in the morning, and that's why I set my alarm. Last thing I remember is her telling me is to be up by seven, not be ready by seven, but let me not open up my mouth to question or back talk her before she changes her mind. "I'll be ready in fifteen minutes."
"You better hurry up. We don't have all day," she says, walking down the hallway.
"Good morning to you too, momma!" I say, laughing to myself while shutting the door.
Even though the summer is coming to an end, the sun is still beaming, and the weather hasn't been below eighty degrees in weeks. A pair of baby blue jogger shorts and a thin white t-shirt will work just fine. Since I'm on a time limit, I rush to the bathroom and get the shower running, hopping in when the water gets warm. Instantly, my drowsiness is getting washed away while I put my face under the water, letting it pour over my eyes and through my hair that's falling down my honey colored skin. I squeeze some shampoo in my hands and start to rub it into my roots.
My hair is one of my favorite features. It's a dark shade of brown, nearly black, with light brown streaks mixed within it in a hombre fashion, and it reaches down to my lower back. My long, flowing hair comes from me being mixed. My momma is Indian and black, and my dad was Belizean and black. When three races as strong as these are put together, a fine creation like me comes to life. I adore my healthy, waist-length, natural Indian with a hint of Belizean texture hair, pretty skin complexion, and black roots that make my beauty eternal. Like my dad always used to say, black don't crack.
My momma can be used as a prime example. She has thick, black and Indian hair that's naturally curly and falls to her elbows. Her skin complexion is almost exactly similar to a Hershey chocolate bar and she's as thick as a snicker with a flat stomach. A stranger wouldn't even believe that she's had three kids if they're meeting her for the first time. I'm sure I get my shape from her because I'm just as thick around my hips and backside with a small waist to compliment my frame.
I grabbed an apple and went out the door. While I was walking on my beautiful,green lawn, I saw a moving truck next door looks like were getting new neighbours. I hopped in my car and began my journey to school. I stopped about 5 minutes later to pick up my best friends Kim. 
"Hey kimmy" I said  rather like a sing along.
"Hey Abby" she said knowing, I hated when she called me by my middle name, but I loved her  anyways.
"It looks like were getting new neighbours" I said remembering this morning.
"What!, if there's a hot guy there, I so totally want him" she said.
"Believe me, you can have him" I said 'well duh' kind of voice.
"C'mon abby, we never do anything fun, you've just always been in your shell and books, you haven't even had your first kiss yet and your 16" she said. I shrugged it off knowing it was true.
"So what if I'm not ready for a boyfriend yet?" I said shouting a little.
"Ok Abbs" was her reply.
We arrived at school a couple mins early. Kim went to her locker while I went to mine.
"Oh look girls, it's nerdy amber" Kasey, the queen of our school  walked over to me.
But I just ignored her and kept looking for the books in my locker.
She fake pouted.
"Cat got your tongue nerdy amber?" she said making her minions laugh.
But I just placed my head father into my locker.
"You think you can ignore me nerd" she said slamming my locker.
"C'mon ,Kasey let's leave the nerd alone" one of her minions said.
She smirked and walked away.
School went by quickly soon enough it was over. I was home laying on my couch, listening to some music with my headphones, my eyes were closed until I felt someone towering over me.
"Ahhh" I screamed.
"Don't stop on my account" the handsome,blue-eyed figure that stood in front of me said.
"What...who are you?" I asked. Then it hit me,he was Ryder, the bad boy of our school.
"I'm Ryder, Ryder Blake" he said and smiled displaying his dimples.
"I'm....." 
"Amber, your mom talks about alot"
"What, how do you know my mom?"
"Our moms met this morning, I live next door"
"Oh, you moved in this morning"
"Yea" 
He then moved to the couch.
"So, sunshine, how does it feel to have a hot neighb...."
He was interrupted by a voice echoing in the house.
"Ryder" my mom's voice called as she came into the house.
"Yea?" he answered.
"Your mom said she's working late tonight so you can stay in the guest room until she comes back" my mom said.
"Thank you Mrs.Collin"
She smiled and nodded and then went upstairs.
"So where were we?" He asked.
"I have homework to do, it was not a pleasure meeting you Ryder" I said before I ran upstairs.
Omg the bad boy of my school was actually staying in my house a room away from me to be exact. 
This was going to be one hell of a night .
______________My first chapter of this book. Thanks for reading, I hope you'll continue to.
Update soon.Princess_aliyah_1,follow me:-) :-) :-)
  
                I looked at the once familiar territory as I drove. I could remember aimlessly driving around these streets for hours with my best friend Shane. When we were little, we were purposelessly get ourselves lost on our bikes just to kill time trying to find our way back home. Once we had the roads memorized, we would just drive around blasting music until we could think of something fun to do.
                But I hadn’t been home in nearly 6 months. I had come home from college for Christmas to spend time with my mom, and hadn’t been home since. I had gone with some friends to North Caroline over spring break. When college got out, I went to spend time with my Aunt, Uncle, and cousins out in California for a few weeks. I was coming home for the first time now.
                I pulled into my driveway and sighed, shutting my car off. I got out and shut the door, popping open the trunk.
                The front door opened and I watched as my mother came outside. A smile came to her face and she walked over to me.
                “Welcome home,” she said and pulled me into her arms, hugging me tightly.
                I hugged her back. “Hey mom.”
                “I’ll help you bring your stuff inside. Did you have fun with your Uncle?” she asked. My Uncle Henry was her brother.
                “Yea. We raised hell throughout California,” I said as I gathered my stuff into my arms.
                I told my mom about my California trip as we brought things inside and to my bedroom. Once the car was empty, I sat down at the kitchen counter as she made me food.
                “You must be starving,” she said as she made me tacos.
                “Absolutely,” I said with a nod.
                “So, what are you going to do for the rest of the summer?” she asked. It sounded like a casual question, but I knew what laid underneath it.
                I shrugged at her. “Just hang around with the guys, I guess,” I said.
                As if on cue, my phone went off. I pulled it out of my pocket, seeing that I had a new text. I opened the text, mentally sighing as I did so.
                From: Shane
                You son of a bitch! You didn’t tell me you were coming home today. Get your ass over to my house so we can reunited after these long 6 months. 
                I put my phone back in my pocket. Shane and I went to different colleges. We used to visit each other all the time, spending weekends together. But we had both been extremely busy this year, and hadn’t been able to visit each other during the second semester. I hadn’t seen him since the day before I left to head back after Christmas break.
                “Plans?” mom guessed.
                “Shane wants me to come over,” I said.
                She slid me a plate with tacos on it. “I think you should go. You haven’t seen him in half a year,” she said.
                “I’ll go,” I said with a slight nod. I was just praying that Shane’s little brother wouldn’t be home.
                Mitchell Marion.
                I hadn’t talked to him since last summer. Shane knew that I had no plans of talking to Mitch, so I doubted that he would be stupid enough to invite me over when Mitch was home.
NÃO ESQUEÇAM DE COMENTAR E CURTIR,
AJUDA BASTANTE <3 <3
Eu não dormi muito bem na noite anterior, confesso. Minha barriga estava doendo tamanha ansiedade. Vai ser minha primeira viagem internacional. Eu ainda não fiz quinze anos, mas estou viajando em uma das melhores épocas para ir à Orlando. 
Eu sei o que você deve estar pensando. Orlando, que clichê. Bom, eu não acho. Fico babando nas fotos daquelas montanhas russas. Sempre quis ir em uma, mas aqui no Brasil é complicado. Você precisa se preocupar em não passar mal e além disso, torcer pro brinquedo não quebrar para você conseguir sair vivo. Sem duvidas, hoje é o grande dia!
Não vai estar tão frio e nem aquele verão monstruoso que sempre dizem, sem falar naquelas filas de três horas dos parques. Minhas malas já estão todas ao pé da cama.
Eu estou indo com um grupo de turismo, mas mesmo não estando legalmente sozinha, eu estou indo sem nenhum conhecido. Nunca tive muita dificuldade pra fazer amizade, mas no inicio é sempre mais chato e cansativo.
Quando eu estava pensando nisso o despertador tocou. Era como se ele gritasse "levanta logo, ta na hora, vai, agora", geralmente eu odeio acordar com esse som irritante. 
Alias, é engraçado como o despertador arruina sua música preferida quando você passa usa-la para acordar. Já li uma pesquisa onde diziam que faz mal ao corpo acordar com ele, mas como ja estava acordada e sem sono, não liguei. Levantei da cama. 
Apertei o botão do celular para desligar o alarme. Alonguei-me como costumo fazer. 
Olhei para porta e meu pai já estava de pé e arrumado. Entrei no meu mini closet e me arrumei de frente ao espelho. Vesti a blusa azul marinho que a agência mandou cuja na altura do peito havia o slogan da empresa. 
Meus cabelos ainda estavam como na noite anterior, negros e ondulados. Minha pele morena parecia mais clara com aquela luz. 
Nada havia mudado, a não ser a cara de sono que eu carregava. Meus olhos fundos pelas olheiras. Peguei minha necessaire que já estava dentro da mala. Passei-a em todo meu rosto toda aquela base e pó. 
Depois de preparar minha pele, finalmente a cara de sono tinha ido embora. Como ainda não passavam das 7, limitei-me a passar rimel. 
-Alexia, já está pronta? 
Minha madrasta perguntou do quarto dela. É, meus pais são separados. Eu já nem me incomodo com isso, foi tudo muito natural, apesar de na época eu ter cinco anos. Diferente desses filmes, onde a madrasta sempre era má, a minha era bem legal. 
-To quase. 
Despluguei meu celular da tomada e joguei ele e seu carregador dentro da minha bolsa a atravessando em meu corpo. Coloquei a mochila nas minhas costas e chamei meu pai para me ajudar com as malas. 
Quando descemos, fomos logo procurar um táxi para não precisarmos achar vaga para o carro no aeroporto. Apesar do Rio de Janeiro ser quase sempre super quente, Copacabana estava fresco, talvez pela proximidade com o mar, ou pela boa vontade do universo. Eu adorava aquilo. Toda a mistura de pessoas de chinelo e roupas descontraidas e outras de terno e sapato social. 
Depois de tres tentativas frustadas de pegar um táxi, que na verdade estavam cheios, o quarto finalmente parou na nossa frente. 
Eu nunca sabia dizer as marcas e os nomes dos carros, por isso costumava dar nome para eles e com esse nao foi diferente, o chamei de Pablo, mesmo que mentalmente. Pablo era maior por dentro do que aparentava ser por fora. 
A/N: This novel is a work of fiction. Names and characters are the product of the author's imagination and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
 What She fights for 
 All rights reserved 
 © 2013 CaliGuuurrrlll
~*~
"Your worthless, you hear me! If I ever get my hands on you again you better be ready!" his rough voice echoed through my head as I punched the bag repeatedly. Be prepared I reminded myself, don't let anything get in the way. As longs as you keep a low profile he will never find you .He can't hurt you again. No, he can't hurt us again. I won't let him.
Those words were the last words i heard him say before we left. That was 2 years ago. we now live in the small town of Brookview. I've never told anyone what happened and why I have the scars I have. After what happened with Brandon, I don't think I can trust any guy again. He was the first person I let in and he broke my heart with no remorse. after a few more punches,  I grabbed my hoodie and and jogged back home.
As I was making my way down to my house, I heard shouts from an alley way. Being the naive and stupid girl I am, I followed the voices; only to find buff vulgar men cheering on people who were street-fighting.
As my eyes adjusted to my surroundings, my eyes locked on one fighter. he was hot and there was no denying those muscles that he had. I looked longer raking in his appearance and his hypnotizing green eyes only to find out I was looking at 'the' Dean Taylor. Our schools resident bad boy at school fights too? Should've seen it coming.
I must have zoned out for awhile because there was someone behind me and I jolted when I felt a pair of rough hands encircle my waist from behind.
"Hello, what's a pretty lady like yourself doing in a place like this, looking for some fun?" he whispered into my ear gruffly, his breath reeking of alcohol and cigarettes.
He didn't give me time to reply before forcefully pushing my body closer towards him. I quickly wriggled out of his grip, pushed him with all of my strength to the concrete wall and punched him square in the jaw before he could react.
I know that my seem harsh of whatever, but one thing people should know is never touch me, if they do I usually flinch back remembering what 'he' did to me or react like I did just now.
He started cussing profusely then began making his way to me clutching his nose. I thought fast and used my speed against him and I started heading out the alleyway with my hoodie flapping behind me.
Before I turned the corner I looked back to find no one other than Dean looking at me with an unreadable expression. I quickly put  my hoodie back over my head and left without looking back. I just hope he doesn't recognize me.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
People have always told me to expect the unexpected, but nothing could ever prepare me for what happened this year.
If anyone one ever told me that I would spend my senior year trying to avoid notorious bad boy Dean that hasn't shown interest in me me before, whatsoever; and getting into dangerous and compromising situations with him, I would have laughed. You know what they say though, 
Always expect the unexpected. That's exactly what I should've done.
________________________________________
A/N: Hey again I know the prologue is short, but  the other chapters will hopefully make up for it. Dedicated to my awesome  Martian Awkstbh. Cause I know you would  most likely go hulk and hurt someone like that if they touched your cookies. Please check out her stories, especially if you like fanfics :)
vote
comment
share
enjoy Geeklings :) <3 <3 <3
 
2. The Scientist - covered by Kina Grannis & Tyler Ward
3. This Is What It Takes - Shawn Mendes
4. TALK ME DOWN - Troye Sivan
5. Afire Love - Ed Sheeran
6. Tee Shirt - Birdy
7. Lego House - Ed Sheeran
8. Kiss Me - Ed Sheeran 
9. Tenerife Sea - Ed Sheeran
10. Yellow - Coldplay
11. Whole - Rixton
12. Chasing Cars - Snow Patrol
13. Please Don't Say You Love Me - Gabrielle Aplin
14. Say Something - covered by Alex & Sierra
15. Not About Angels - Birdy
16. How To Save A Life - The Fray 
17. Fix You - Coldplay
18. Human - Christina Perri
19. Salvation - Gabrielle Aplin
20. Photograph - Ed Sheeran
[A neat collection of songs that I thought suited Saving Grace.
A special mention to How To Save A Life by The Fray, a song which is extremely dear to my heart as well as planting the itty seed which grew and became Saving Grace.]
Please don't continue reading this book if  you didn't read the Book 1 of this book. Before you continue....Read the book 1 and you can find it in my profile and works.
Our Love Song (BangTwice Fanfiction)
Because if you will continue you won't understand the story. But for all who read the book 1, you may continue. Thank you😏😏😏 
If you're going through hell, keep on going, don't slow down, if you're scared don't show it, you might get out before the devil even knows you're there.
If you're going through hell, face that fire, walk right through it, you might get out before the devil even knows you're there
~•~
Chapter 1
"Hey why don't you just go, and never come back. No one likes attention whores!"
"Yeah! No one like you! Just go die."
I ignore what they're saying an just keep walking, until one of the guys walks in front of me and stops me. 
"Hey, we were talking to you," he says.
"And I wasn't listening," I mumble praying to God he didn't hear me.
"What did you just say?" He asks incredulously.
"N-nothing," I mumble.
"It better have been nothing," he says, taking a step towards me. My feet are planted where they are so I just lean back as he hovers above me.
"You know, if you just quit lying, no one would hate you," he says. I turn around and start to walk away. The last thing that I need right now is to be spoken to about something that the other person doesn't understand anything about.
Unfortunately, he catches up to me again. "Hey I wasn't done." There's are tears in the very back of my eyes but I don't dare to let them fall. "You're coming with me!" 
He grabs me by the wrist and the next thing I know, I'm being shoved into a janitors closet and the door is being locked. 
"I'm sure there's plenty of bleach in there for you to keep yourself hydrated with," he says and snickers as I hear him walk away.
Great, now what? What am I supposed to do for the next however so long. I could be locked in here forever. 
I know a lot of people are saying 'yeah right, someone will come along and help you out eventually' but the thing is, no one is coming and no one will. Everybody here hates me. No one will hear me scream for help and if they do, they'll just look at me, then shut the door again, I guarantee, just watch. 
After every class period ends, I hear the hall become noisy, but it dies down and it becomes silent again. 
I take glances at the bleach, but I know that's not what I need to do. Everyday, I wish someone to make me feel as if I matter to them, and I'm content that I will stay with that for as long as I can. For now I just sit here and wait for that day to come. 
I hear a few female voices coming in my direction, so I pound on the door for them to let me out. God forbid that I say something and they figure out its me and they just keep walking. I can recognize the voices as the popular girls. 
They stop in front of the door because I can feel their presence. I pound on the door one more time, hoping they'd open up the door. One of them opens the door, but as soon as they realize it's me, they slam the door in my face and walk away, laughing. I did make a move to try and run past them but they were way too fast.
See what I said though? I called it! I really wish I didn't though.
Ugh! Hopefully I don't have to sleep in the janitors closet again! 
Don't ask how I got out last time, I don't want to talk about it.
You'd think that there would be an entrance to a heating duct, but there isn't one in here because the room is so small and cramped.
I lean against the door and slide down until I hit the floor. I bring my knees up to my face and I just let out the sobs. I can't keep it in anymore.
How could people actually believe that I would lie about something so big? Plus it was a horrible rumor, isn't it always that everyone believes rumors and you don't want them to because it's not true? For me it was the opposite. My secret spilled and it turned into a rumor. In a way, I am I little glad that no one believed it, but I didn't expect anyone to think I just went around telling people that so that I could get attention. 
It's my fault, I should've never told anyone about what my parents did in the first place. 
Not even the teachers believed me though. If I were a teacher, and I heard about a student who had troubles at home, you sure as hell better know that I'm coming after you to comfort you. 
When my teachers heard about my parents hurting me, none of them believed me, along with all of my classmates.
I remember my friends and I were having a sleepover and my mom came into the room to say something. She left and all my friends said she was so nice and caring. I couldn't help but tell them how she actually was, and they didn't believe me. When they left my house that morning, they all got so mad at me, because they thought I was lying for attention.
The next day at school, it was a hot topic and that was when all of the tormenting started. Ever since then, everybody has called me an attention whore, a slut and God knows where the hell they even got that, and many many things worse. 
You'd think they'd all be more comforting, after they just found out that I've been abused by my parents for the past ten years. That was three years ago, and everyone has bullied me since. 
So now, I have absolutely no one in my life. 
But yet, I'm still here.
~•~
The book does get happier, just so you guys know! It's not going to stay down and sad and stuff! So please don't give up on it because it's sad!! Spoiler: it gets happier in the 4th chapter so hang in there!!
And also, I know this chapter is pretty short, but they get longer, even though they are only about 10 pages in the beginning, but they do get longer!!!!!!
NOTE: This story will be thoroughly edited once completed. 
<---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- PLEASE VOTE! (: 
Hi! Just thought I'd mention a few things before you read this story... It isn't a walk in a park holding hands with your delicious jock boyfriend. Sorry if that's what you wanted :( I wanted to add meaning to this story as well as make it very fun, romantic, and emotional but real. I also opted to make it as realistic as I could that's why things don't get resolved in a single chapter. Sorry again, man, sorry. Anyway! There are some strong contents in this story but I'll warn before hand. Thanks for reading!
Saturday, February 12 2011
“Evelyn, you have to get ready for the party!” said Erica.
It was my birthday and I was turning sixteen. My best friend Erica was never like me, a calm girl. She was more like the social butterfly who was always with boys at parties. She would always make me come as much as I hated it. We had been like sisters since the 5th grade. As much as I wanted to stay home, I would have to go or she would sulk with her shoulders low and say her usual line “But you’re my best friend and I can’t go anywhere without you!” I would end up going even if I’d rather not.
But why would the shy virgin be friends with the popular one? Simple, because I’m “a sexy ass bitch” like she says and its a shame I’m a virgin when the coolest jock, Tyler, was after me since the eighth grade.
I just didn’t care. I didn’t have a plan on losing my virginity and being run down by a stupid jock and become a worthless slut. Not that that was what most of my friends were or anything...
“Erica, what if I don’t want to go? It’s my birthday and I should be doing something I want. We went to a party yesterday aren’t you tired?” 
I told her as I was remembering the dreadful night when Tyler tried to kiss me and I pulled away from the drunk guy. His confused self dropped some beer when he lost his balance. He had never known rejection, any girl he wanted he would have and he was only seventeen, a junior. If he wanted a senior she would lead the way to the bedroom. But that wasn’t me and it never would be. I was one of the teenagers from Fort Lauderdale’s Northeast High School who thought sex should be from love and not just fun.
 “Come on, please?” She added emphasis on the ease in please and made the word longer. “I set it all up for you at Ryan’s house. We have the keg, the tequila, food, music, lights and all the people where invited already and we can’t let down all of Northeast! it will ruin our rep! I did it all out of love for you, you don’t have to dance or-”
 “The whole Northeast Erica? That’s at least 1500 people and Ryan’s house isn’t that spacious!” Typical Erica, always planning ahead and not thinking of asking me how I felt about my own birthday party! But that wasn’t all of it, I wasn’t personally fond of tequila or the keg. What would I care about my reputation? I don’t have to be one of the populars to live my life. I actually rather be normal or a nerd.
 “Ev, you know people aren’t only down stairs. Some are in the bedrooms or bathrooms or in his HUGE backyard or in cars or in the front porch, heck, some of them are on tables! It’ll be fine, besides it was just a saying.” She told me in a reassuring tone but I still didn’t feel better. I could do one party but two in a row? No. Besides I never did believe her reassurances but I would always be her designated driver with ten other people crammed inside the car. I'd have to take them all over Fort Lauderdale and it was a pain. 
Hi hunnies....It's my first book so excuse the mistakes, spelling, grammar and all that... I love the concept but I know there have been some similar ones around so if you have any questions or issues contact me and we'll work it out no problems! It'll start off a bit shit but hang in there. 
Vote, comment and Enjoy 'The Undercover Model'xxZ
Mulan p.o.v.
Mulan in the box with the picture 
" Mulan what the Fuck is wrong with you ? " Durick screamed in my face pushing me against the wall making me Let out a little scream , I covered my ears as I slid down against the wall with tears streaming down my face . I couldn't take it anymore I couldn't take the pain , and the hurt . with all the courage in me I pushed Durick back slightly making him fall back on our grey couch . " Durick quickly got up and balled his fist up " you're going to regret that bitch " he screamed getting up from the couch and running to me with a smirk on his face . I smirk I've never in my life had saw . With no hesitation I screamed " HELP HELP ! " I couldn't run , Durick was fast . and I was pregnant. Durick grabbed me by hair and started to slam my head on the wall . with each slam against the wall I felt dizzy , and I could feel the warm blood dripping from my plum lips . Durick stopped after a few more times . I got on my knees putting my hand over my little baby bump . Durick watched my every move and lifted his leg up as kicked me in my stomach like if I was a soccer ball and he was trying to catch a goal . A goal in hurting me and his baby . " NOOOOO ! " I yelled I could feel the pain from my legs start to ache I didn't want anything to happen to me or our child I knew Durick cared enough to do something. " DURICK HELP !THE BABY ! YOU KICKED THE BABY ! " I cried with warm tears dripping down my shirt . Durick looked at me with no emotion on his face .
I wiped my freshly new tears . I looked around as everything started to move slowly with everything going blurry the Grey coach was moving back and forth . " help ... please " I whispered trying to reach for Durick arm . 
my eyes started to go low . Suddenly my eyes closed . And the only thing on my mind was my baby . My 1st baby . 
I didn't know he was a monster when we first started to date my best friend June told me he was a very popular drug dealer and had millions . I was only 15 and he was Only 17 . 
we fell in love quickly . Durick was my first everything and spoiled the hell out of me . 
you see I grew up not having anything my grandparents did drugs , abused me , and my grandfather would let his friends rape me everyday after school. 
I mean I really didn't  know anything about my parents either . my grandma would always say  They left me for drugs . it really messed me up inside knowing that my parents didn't want me and drugs were way more important than me .  I mean I was never actually happy and knowing that I had someone who spolied me , and took care of me made me feel loved . something I never felt before
Chapter One
 MASON 
            The bus was damp, the air was cold and the other people on it were annoying and obnoxious, but the biggest reason I was peeved was that my parents didn't tell me that I had powers. Yes, I, Mason Shaw, sixteen-year-old boy, was being sent to a boarding school for boys. I was specifically going to Jenkins Boarding School for Young Male Witches; "the best possible school for someone to attend," as my mother put it.
            Why was I here? I didn't want to be. Bryan, my twenty-year-old brother, didn't go to boarding school. I'm probably here because they don't want to be around me anymore. They've always thought that I was the weird one and the one who always gets in trouble. I mean, sure I've gotten into fifteen fights in one school year, but they were asking for it. I was defending myself. People were saying that me being gay was like a disease. I didn't like it, so I took action; something Spencer, my ex-best friend, didn't do when the time came. I puffed my chest and pulled closer to myself. When are we going to get there?
            A few people tried to talk to me, but I shot them down. Everyone was now avoiding me. The seat next to mine was vacant, but nobody wanted to take it. Although my pride was a little hurt, I was glad. I didn't want to talk to anybody; I didn't want to gossip with anybody; I didn't want to talk, because talking meant that I was accepting this punishment. Although mom said that this wasn't a punishment, I knew that it was.
            Being alone on the bus, although lonely, gave me time to think. I didn't want to go, but I'm going to do my best to become the strongest witch there. I'm going to show them. I'll show everyone.
            My stubbornness was my biggest flaw, and I wasn't proud of it. I knew that it was the reason why I'd always gotten in trouble, but I couldn't help it. It was just who I was. No one can take that away from me. I had a right to be who I am.
            The bus soon arrived at the front gates of the school. It was surrounded by an ominous fog. I could see glimpses of the castle that it was. The structure towered over the bus, and I felt a little intimidated. This was where I was going to be going to school. I hope it doesn't suck.
            The old rusty gates opened with a loud creek, as though it hadn't been used in centuries. The bus drove past the gates and they closed behind us. I looked around for people. There wasn't any. Why can't I get a break for once in my life?
            The fog cleared as we got closer and closer to the entrance. The double doors were large and imposing. There was only one person to greet us, a woman. She was tall and wore a long grey coat. She was also old and had grey hair. She was also powerful. The broach she wore was the symbol of a master witch who specialized in Empathy, a talent that was rarely practiced.
            The bus pulled around and stopped right at the foot of the steps of the school. We all got off and the bus drove off. I looked up at the imposing woman as she greeted us with as warm as welcome possible.
            Her voice was shrill as she spoke. "Welcome, welcome to Jenkins Boarding School for Young Male Witches. You are here because you have done something to upset your parents so much that they didn't want you, but I am delighted to have you all here today, for you are the future of magic. Here you will learn how to master your magic.
"Since you are Fourth-Years, you will all be learning the very, very basics of magic; the feel and touch of the power you possess. You will also learn the history of it and some basic spells and potions.
"As Third-Years, you will learn more spells, potions and magic control. You will be working with your professors to understand the importance of controlling your magic as well as the way to use it wisely. There is nothing more important than the lessons of self-control.
Vannessa POV I looked at my face in the mirror my face hurt so bad my cheek was purple my eye had a long scratch across it my back was red almost purple then I felt a pair of hands hug me from behind I let a few tears fall while I cried silently I need to get away End of POV 
???: *holds Vannessa* baby I'm sorry 
Vannessa: *wipes eyes* it's okay Javon 
Javon: You not gonna leave me right 
Vannessa: *silent* 
Javon: *grips her waist tight* Right? 
Vannessa: I'm not gonna leave you *drops her head* 
Javon: *picks her up & carries her to the bed* get some rest *walks downstairs* 
Vannessa: *starts crying* why do I deserve to be treated like this 
Javon POV I know y'all thinking why do you beat on her well actually I love her to death I just let my angry get the best of me I don't wanna lose her but if I keep putting my hands on her I know she's gonna leave one day I put fear in my baby heart now she's scared *shakes head & sighs* I gotta fix things *walks out house & goes to mall* End of POV 
~At The Mall ~
Javon: Yo man I did it again *walks in footlocker with ???*
???: You did what bro 
Javon: Man Avery don't play dumb 
Avery: YOU HIT HER AGAIN!!! *yells* 
Javon: Man shut up I didn't mean to I just get so mad it's worse then last time man *looks at some girl* 
*Girl walks past Javon & bites her lip* 
Avery: *looks at him* Man are you crazy Vannessa is bad asf and she loves you and you out here looking at some thot 
Javon: Yeah hold on *walks after girl* 
Avery: *shakes his head & picks up sneakers* shame 
~With Javon~ 
Javon: *grabs girl hand* Aye ma what's ya name 
This girl: *smiles* it's Jaya 
Javon: We'll I'm javon lemme get yo number we can hang out sometimes 
Jaya: *writes # down & gives it to Javon & bites her lip* See you 
Javon: Bet *walks back with Avery* 
Avery: Nigga you dumb as fuck *grabs shoes he want* 
Javon: *grabs 2 pairs of shoes that are for a girl* AYE can I get some help
Worker: Yes what size 
Javon: Lemme get 6 in both pairs 
*Worker goes get shoes & gives them javon & looks at Avery* 
Avery: *looks at her* Nahh got a girlfriend *puts shoes back* 
Worker: *rolls eyes & walks away* 
Javon: Man let's go *grabs shoes & walks to register* girls be throwing they pussy at you 
Avery: Well I don't want it I love my girlfriend *walks with Javon* 
~Javon pays for shoes they leave and he drops Avery off & goes home & puts shoes in boxes with bows on them by Vannessa for when she wakes up~ 
-Shoes Vannessa Got- 

(Kaitlyn's POV)
I stood in front of my full length mirror admiring my new school clothes like my peach crop top over my white tank top and my light blue shredded caprice with my brown sandals, and to top it off with my gold bracelet and necklace that reads love in cursive.
"Kaitlyn hurry up or you'll miss the bus!", yelled my mom down stairs.
I just can't believe it, it's my first day as a freshman in high school I get to see my friends again and probably make new one's, I'm just so excited. 
"Kaitlyn don't be late on your first day!", yelled my mother again. 
"Okay Mom, I'm coming."I said as I grabbed my backpack and purse and quickly made my way down the stairs to find my mom standing by the front door with my lunchbox in her hand.
"Thanks Mom." I said as she handed me the lunchbox.
"Have a good day sweetie.", said Mom as she planted a kiss on my cheek.
"I will.", I said.
Just as I opened the front door the school bus pulled up and opened it's door to let me in.
"Bye Mom!", I yelled getting on the bus.
As I stood at the front of the bus I looked around at all the bored faces with their ear buds stuck in their ears until I spot my cousin Emma in the middle of the bus motioning for me to come over to her.
I sat in the seat with her and she greeted me with a big smile on her pretty face.
"Hey.", she said.
"Hey.", I said back.
"I'm so excited, I mean just think about it it's our first year in high school.", said Emma.
Emma and I are really close our moms are both sisters and we've be going to the same schools since we were in kindergarten. 
"I know right this is awesome.", I said.
"Now we're freshman but in a few years we'll be Seniors and we'll rule the school.", said Emma putting her arm around my shoulder.
Not long after we got on the bus Emma pointed out our new school. 
As the bus driver got closer we saw the letters on the building spell out Hardenville High School.
I could feel butterflies flutter around in my stomach as the bus came to a stop letting us out at the main entrance.
As I stepped off the bus I stood in my tracks and stared up at the huge fountain gushing out water in front of me, I felt as if I were in a trance it was just so beautiful.
"Whoa!", said Emma standing beside me staring up at the fountain too.
If this school has such an amazing fountain outside it must be better inside.
"Hey, look.", said Emma pointing at some change in the fountain "Looks like I got lunch money.", said reaching her hand in the water and pulling up silver change. 
"Emma, don't take that out of the fountain.", I said laughing.
"Aww...fine.", she said disappointingly throwing the change back into the fountain.
She shook her wet hand around like a dog trying to dry the water up.
"Come on let's go see what it looks like inside.", I said walking with Emma through the open doors and into the lobby of the school. 
It was huge with several kids laughing and talking to one another. There was a long staircase in the middle of it which obviously means that there's a downstairs to this place, and on the corners to some doors to another hall was a drink machine and a vending machine with kids already lined up to get a snack.
This story is copyrighted. Plagiarism is punishable by law. I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for reading.
Copyright © 2014 Alondra R. 2015
I try to answer the few comments I get as fast as I can but if you guys have any questions please contact me through Twitter it's easier for me to reply. I find Wattpad difficult with replying to messages. My Twitter username is @56rodriguezalo I think that's all.... Thank you for reading hope you enjoy!
Also the story has thousands and thousands of errors. I know that. I wrote most of this on my phone so a lot of the errors are due to that. Its been over three years since I wrote this and I still haven't fix it. I'll try my best to do so this year (2016), which by the way I hope everyone has a good year! 
Lexie's POV
I sit in the back deck of my house right next to the pool with my best friend, Rose. We drink our lemonade and it tastes amazing, especially when it's over 80 degrees outside.
"So have you heard about the new hot teacher?", Rose asks me out of nowhere.
"New hot teacher?", I ask wondering how she knows this.
"Yeah!!", Rose says in a it's obvious tone.
"No", I answer quietly.
"OK... You are the daughter of the principal, your mother is the president of the Parents Banquet, your uncle is the vice principal, your cousin is the gym teacher and your family pretty much owns the school and you are telling me that you don't know about the new teacher that is arriving?!!!", Rose says in a desperate tone.
I laugh. "You know I don't like to get in stuff that has to do with the school. It just wouldn't be fair for the other students", I say for the hundredth time.
"Yeah, yeah. I already heard that before but still, if I was in your position, I would check stuff. See how the school works. Besides, you already decided you want to become a teacher. You might as well become a teacher and be the principal as well. I mean you are an only child, if your parents leave all of this for you, which I don't doubt, you will be the one in charge of everything", Rose says telling me something I have heard many times before.
POV: ZAC
I laughed at Garret as he told us all about a one night stand from Saturday night.
"So Zac; me and the guys along with a couple of the hot seniors girls were gunna skip the first 2 periods of the day and play a game of I dare you to, wanna join?"
I grinned back at him and nodded my head. I dare you to was my game, and nobody had ever been able to take that crown away from me. Most of the girls that played would always chicken on their dares, but the super sluts wouldn't. As for the guys, only sometimes.
Suddenly i smelled a girls perfume right behind me and i turned around to see Diane. She had been  my off and on again girlfriend since 10th grade.
"Hey baby. So are you going with us to play i dare you to?" She batted her eyelashes at me and fiddled with one of her fake pink nails.
"Duh Diane." I scoffed at her and she looked shocked but tried to cover it up. I knew i was harsh, but i didn't care. Diane and me were just considered a hobby in my mind.
"Oh, well lets go." She grabbed my hand and pulled me away from Garret and the rest of the guys. I looked back to see if they'd help me, but all they did was smirk at me, and i glared back.
POV: AARON
I pulled into the parking lot of my new school, and got out of my car, hoping i wasn't to underdressed ofr the first day of my senior year. I was wearing dark blue skinny jeans, a pare of red converse with a black tee and red hoodie. My hair was in loose curls around my faace, and i blew one out of my eyesight as i made it inside and into the office.
"Why hello there. You must be new here. What's your name?" The elderly lady looked up at me and smiled and i half smiled back.
"Aaron Vene."
"Okay, here you go sweetie; your schedule." She handed it to me and i thanked her as i walked out of the hallway and to my locker.
While i was putting my extra school supplies away, i heard a couple of girls talking loudly near my locker and i got quiet.
"I can't wait for the game of I dare you too today! It's going to be awesome. Espically since Zac's playing and he has a girlfriend."
"I know! She's going to blow up when he gets dared to get a lapdance from a girl."
"I know haha."
What's I dare you to?I thought to myself when i realized i was staring at them, and one turned and glared at me. "Who are you and why are you starig at us?" She said bitterly.
"Oh, I'm Aaron Vene. I'm new here." I waved slightly and they just soffed then conntinued talking.
"Great. Enemies already." I mumbled as a lurched away to 1st period when i suddenly ran into someone, faliing on my but and spilling my bag all over the ground.
"Oh dude, I'm sorry." A guys voice said and I just sighed and started picking it up. Behind me i heard the girls giggling at me and i tried to ingnore it.
When i was about to grab my history book, a tanned hand grabbed it and held it to me as i got up slowly to look at him. And when i did, my knees got weak and i smiled. He had beautiful blue eyes, and his hair was brown with blonde highlights. "Sorry again for bumping you. I'm just trying to get to the White castle."
I looked at him confused and he looked at me confused right back. "You don;t know about the Whte castle? I thought even the nerds knew about it."
I sighed and shifted my feet slightly. "Great, you think i look like a nerd. Well, I'm not, I'm new here. I'm Aaron Vene."
EDITEDPICTURE OF LEXI TO THE SIDE AND TRAILER 
Chapter 1: Violence is ALWAYS the Answer
I was having a shitty day. My first period teacher had held us back so now I had to rush to my locker and get to my next class. On top of that some blonde chicks had commented on how I dressed. So what? I liked wearing loose clothing, including my current pair of boot-cut jeans, a gray crew sweater, and black converse.
I could tell it was going to be a crappy Friday, and I hadn't even made it to second hour yet.
My day only got worse when I rounded the corner to my locker. Usually, I would have to pull off a couple of lust-filled horn dogs with hormones running high making out on my locker, but not today. Today was particularly worse (yet arguably better, I suppose). No one was making out around my locker, but Josh Lewis and his groupies were gathered around my locker, laughing their asses off.
Who was Josh Lewis? He was the best wrestler this school has ever seen. Not to mention completely gorgeous. He had green eyes and brown hair with tan skin. He was, like, 6'4". People think that wrestlers are supposed to be stocky. Not Josh. Sure he's ripped and all, impossibly ripped, even, but he's not short and he didn't lumber around. In fact he had a very sexy walk.
I swore Josh could be an Ambercrombie model. His looks definitely didn't make up for his attitude though. He was a complete 10 year old even though we were both in senior year. He slept around with girls and had never held a girlfriend for longer than a week. At least that's what I'd heard. I guess you could say I was attracted to him. I would be crazy not to be. I didn't have a crush on him, but he was definitely the hottest guy I had ever seen next to Zac Efron or Matt Bomer.
He would never even glance at me though. Sure I had great curves from dancing, but I hated tight clothing. I would rather be comfortable than sexy. Warm, than hot.
I was tall. Like 5'10", but I had always thought that that was a major turn off for guys. I had long, wavy brown hair than went down to lower-mid back. I was tan with sunspots on my shoulders because I had also played softball at some recent point in time. My face was pimple free and I had brown eyes that I had to hide behind ugly glasses, comfortably.
I guess I was beautiful. I mean my mom was drop dead gorgeous and people always said that I looked like her. But on top of everything I was the largest geek in the school with a weird problem with my anger. It would always burst out at the most random of times and I didn't know how to control it. Most of the time I had a cap on it, though.
So, yeah...Josh would never consider me on even his one night stand list. Which sort of hurt, not. Josh was the most gorgeous guy, but had the worst attitude next to me. And I could barely even manage my fury.
I processed all of this by the time I was at my locker. I was trying to get around the populars when I saw a foot stick out and I tripped on it. Ending in me falling on the ground and my books dropping. Luckily I held on to my zipped leather backpack, though, which held my women necessities, and I definitely didn't need to pick them up with the hottest guy right there. So I guess I was grateful.
"WHAT THE HELL," I shouted. Whipping my head up to find the little son of a bitch who had tripped me. I saw the black reef corsac shoes that tripped me. I trailed my fuming eyes up to the low wasted jeans, white v-neck shirt that hugged a six-pack, all the way up to the most dazzling smirk I had ever seen.
Josh Lewis was officially dead.
Without thinking I was on my feeting slamming my leather backpack across his face in a wicked slap/punch. You know how I said I used to be a softball player? Well I was forced to quit yesterday so I still had all the strength which had gotten me on to the best travel ball team. He slammed against the locker next to mine with an echoing bang throughout the hallway. A crowd had gathered around us within this small period time, and man was I furious. I guess this was one of those random moments where the cap was off the bottle.
Not exactly, random, though, since the dickhead did trip me.
"LEAVE," I shouted at everyone. I attempted to pick up my books but felt a hand grab the hood of the sweatshirt I was wearing. I very nearly choked. I was pulled against a very hard chest that smelled of axe. Damn that great smell.
"You're lucky I don't hit girls f-uh-reak or you'd be dead," Josh whispered in my ear. Normally I would have teased someone about saying freak like that, but each word was dripping with menace. Plus, I was pissed.
And in all my anger I forgot to be terrified so instead I ripped myself from his strong grip and said, "You're lucky I don't want to be late for class or else your balls would be across the hall." I opened my locker and got my stuff in and out then slammed it shut. I turned to walk away when I said without looking back, "My name is Lexi by the way, not F-uh-reak."
Bastard.
Amy P.O.VBeep, beep, beep, my alarm went off on my phone. I flicked it off and stood up yawning it was 6 am but I always get up this early, just to surprise my family. 
I went in for a shower and used my lemon body wash so I definitely woke up with that. I also used lemon tea scented shampoo. Wow I am going to be fragrant. I shaved everywhere and got out of the shower. 
I sat down on my bed looking around my room. I had a kingsize bed, with teal quilting and walls. I am the only girl in my family so I get treated like a princess a lot. I put my hair into a messy bun on the top of my head before  I dryed my hair and then straightened it, my brother Mike always said I don't need to but I like it. 
I checked the time before changing into my light blue jumper with a pink skater skirt that came just above my knees. I was wearing wearing pink shoes with a platform. I put on the lightest make up on and then I walked into the kitchen. I adjusted my bra strap. The only main problem with this outfit is when I jump the slight glimmer of my bra shows threw, which my brothers won't approve of. 
Speaking of the devils, my younger brother Taylor came downstairs he's fifteen, only a year younger than me though he acts older
"Hey Tay" I said rhyming his name.
"Hey Amz" He said, I smile at out cute nicknames. 
"What's got you out of bed" I ask as he is always last up. 
"Nicks snoring" He said rolling his eyes
"Man mom and dad gave birth to a foghorn" I joked, 
"I heard that" Nick said walking into the room. 
"Erm I meant Will" I said as he walked into the room. 
"You meant me what?" He asked, 
"Best big brother ever" I said, 
"Hey" Nick said from the kitchen
"And us" Two more voices chimed in, Mike and Brandon walked in and I put my head in my hands.
"You're on a roll" Taylor whispered to me. Yep that's right five brothers, but they're not all the same don't worry,you see Taylor is the one I can talk to and I'm actually kinda protective of him but as always it goes both ways.
Next is Nick, he is the one I can always talk to(I can talk to everyone) but he is also mainly protective of me,he's a senior in school and everyone knows that if one boy touches me, makes a move on me, or even flirts with me will reach my brother, who will then tell the rest. 
Mike is the kind one me and him get along really well, but with anything to do with me he becomes scary. 
Brandon is the classified bad one but he once beat up a boy who said my ass looked fine,his words not mine. 
Then lastly Will the big boss,he is in charge all of the time even when mom and dad are about, he also controls the whole no boyfriend rule. That I really don't understand. But I do like it kinda as well there are a lot of pricks in my school so good I have five bodyguards to help me out with that. 
"So what's for breakfast?" I asked Will, 
"Waffles" he said, I jumped to my feet and started making mine. 
"Make me some too" Nick shouted
"Yeah me too" Came a clamour of voices. 
"No way" I said turning to face them whilst the waffles were cooking. 
"But you make them the best" Brandon moaned
"And I thought you were 20?" I moaned right back at him. 
CHAPTER 1
"ALIYAH ! GET DOWN THESE STEPS RIGHT FUCKING NOW !" my dad yelled to me while I was in the shower. "I'm in the shower !" I yelled back.. Fuck he think this is?? But anyways as I continued my shower I heard my bathroom door open up & next thing you know I'm getting dragged by my hair n thrown to the wall. Tff? "FUCKING STOP !" I yelled trying to get up. My dad is a drunk & right now... he's drunk. He always does this to me leaving bruises & scratches on my body. "GET UP RIGHT NOW" he screamed but as I got up he kicked me in my stomach n started beating me up even more leaving me to cry balled up in the corner. 
Three hours later - I stayed in the corner until I knew he was out cold. I called my bestfriend Unique & asked her if she can come get me quickly. I was putting on some clothes as I heard her car pull up. I grabbed some clothes & other stuff I might need & snuck out. " Hey girl what happened this time?" Yeah she knew about it cause I tell her everything. "Idek I was in the shower next thing you know I'm being dragged by my hair & beaten up... Unique I'm so tired of this shit" I said crying in her arms. " Ik but Its okay LiyahBoo look we gonna have fun for your birthday tomorrow & forget about all of this cause my bitch finna be seventeen !" She yelled kinda making me laugh. Oh yeah I almost forgot about my own birthday I laughed at the thought in my head on the way to Unique's house & yes she lives by herself with her boyfriend James. Ughh I can't stand his ass but I "don't" wanna be at home.. 
"Wassssup hoe" James said to me as I walked in the house. "Man shut tf up I ain got time for this right now & I ain no hoe!" I yelled walking up the stairs to the guess room. I put my clothes & stuff up in the drawers, layed on the bed & KO'd. 
Gece,bir uyur,bir uyanır halde seyretti. Yağmur hala ayni sakinliğiyle yağıyordu. Rüzgar sert bir biçimde esiyor ağaçların yapraklarının çıkardığı sesle farklı bir ahenk sağlıyordu. Saat sabahın dördüydü.
Yandaki defterimi alıp birşeyler karalamalaya başladım. Genellikle canım sıkkınken birşeyler karalardım bir müddet sonra zaten uykuya dalmış olurdum. Düşüncelerim bir dipsiz kuyu gibiydi ve ben her gün o kuyuya bir taş atıyordum, taşın suya çarpma sesiyle suyun dalgalanması eş zamanlı olurdu, 
Kendi kuyusuna düşenlerdendim bende.
Telefonumun zil sesiyle uyandım hangi ara uyumuştum?Uykusuzluğun verdiği yorgunlukla yataktan çıktım. Kahverengi sürgülü dolabımdaki yansımama baktım bir müddet, omuz silktim bu halime,sürgülü kapıyı çekip askılıktan okul kıyafetlerimi elime alıp banyoya doğru ilerledim. Elimi yüzümü yıkarken Her gün aynı rutini yaşamanın verdiği bitkinle derin bir nefes doldurdum ciğerlerime.
Okul çantamı sırtıma alarak alt kata indim sabahları kahvaltı yapmazdım, hiç öyle bir alışkanlığım yoktu. Olmamıştıda. Siyah spor ayakkabılarımı giydim ve dış kapıdan çıktım. Güneşli havalar sevmezdim, bende  bahar mevsiminden yana olanlardandım. Zira bu sıcaklık bunaltıcı bir sıcaklıktı. Biraz yorgun biraz mutsuz olarak ilerlemeye başladım okula doğru evden okula yürüyerek  10 dakikalık mesafeydi. Yürümeyi tercih ediyordum. Okulun giriş kapısına geldiğimde yan tarafta sigara içen üst sınıflara takıldı gözüm. Bir kaç arabada okulun otoparkına doğru ilerliyordu. Bahçeye doğru adımlarımı hızlandırdım. 17 yıllık hayatım boyunca herdaim yanımda olan  yakın dostlarımdan Derin beni gördüğünde   sıcak bir gülümseme bahşetti dudaklarıyla, el sallayıp yanına ilerledim sıkı sıkı sarıldı."Günaydın, bakıyorum da uyanamamışsınız sena hanım. "güldü.  
Uyku problemi olan birine göre erken uyanıyordum ama yine de dillerine düşmüştüm dönem başından beri.
Ders tarihti soru cevap yapan hoca sayesinde ders geçiyordu. Saçmalayın tabi ki de soru falan sormuyordum
Tarih dersini sevmediğimi söylemişmiydim ?
Derin koluma çimdik attığında kaşlarımı çattım " Ne çimcik atıyorsun kızım ? " diye sessizce bağırdım. O ise gözlerini devirip " insanlıktan anlayabileceğini sanmıyorum 20 dakikadır boş boş hocaya baktığını varsayarsak. "  hadi ama tarih dersini sevmiyordum !
Bahoz  Gök. 
Varlığı olmasada ismi anılan birisiydi.  Onla hiç karşılaşmamıştık. 
Hakkında duyduklarımız ise sınırlıydı. 
1 yıl boyunca o ve arkadaş grubu kaydını dondurup sırra kadem basmışlardı. Elimdeki siyah pilot kalemi döndürüp sıraya bıraktım. Gizemli biriydi.  Ama asıl soru; Neden geri dönmüşlerdi.
      My family sold me for MONEY! Let me just say they "borrow" a lot of money from this guy who turns
 out to be in the mafia and to pay them back the "debt" I am now packing my bags. I hear a knock at 
my door as it opens up to my mother. Her eyes are red from crying. I bet the guilt is lying on her 
shoulders right now." I'm so sorry we had to sell you," she said as she sits on my bed. " We are so far 
into debt we didn't know what to do anymore," she continued." It's okay, it's like a vacation only I'll 
be gone forever," I replied back." We are really sorry it's just that we really need the money to pay 
back the debt," said my mom sobbing a little." But selling me is your main plan!" I replied forcibly." 
What else could we do? We try everything that we can," she said holding back tears." I guess you 
didn't try hard enough," I said grabbing my bags and suitcases and walking out the door. As I was 
taking everything downstairs, the doorbell rang. My father towards the door and open to this really 
tall guy and right behind him a guy that is about my age.
                   
Copyright@2011 Agateophobia 

*This story is currently going under editing, the main characters' real last name is Padley... But I originally had them as Parris, if you see a Parris, I will get to changing it to Padley. The chapters that have the 'X' are the ones edited. Thank you and I hope you enjoy :) 
Prologue 
All eyes were on the famous Padley triplets as we stepped out of the sleek black car. We were finally seniors this year at Tenafly High school. I had butterflies in my belly, a bright buzzing light-fullness inside of me and nothing could stop me from smiling.Tenafly High School was in Alpine, New Jersey which was where I lived for my whole life. I was part of the Padley triplets, and yes, my sister, brother and I basically ran the school with the help of some other kids. But no, we do not treat anyone poorly or act like stuck up brats. But let me explain myself.
Ryder Padley, the oldest of us, was the quarter back and captain of the varsity football team. He had brown hair that was most usually spiked with gel or maybe it’s natural because I never saw him any other way, brown eyes that shimmer with determination, and tanned skin. His best mates are Asher Smith, Tyler Banks, and Jack Willis who were also on the football team. Asher, Tyler, and Jack were his right hand men and they have been like brothers to Ryder for as long as I can remember. Asher had dirty blonde hair that was perfectly styled every day and to match he had dark eyes, with small specks of black in them that you would only see if you got really close to his perfectly chiselled face. Tyler’s dirty blonde hair was so dark that sometimes it almost seemed brown. The light green specks in his deep, chocolate brown eyes were somehow an odd yet beautiful contrast. Jack Willis had short coffee coloured hair and hazel eyes to match. 
Every girl wanted to date my brother and call him their soul mate. Believe me when I say I’ve overheard way too many girls talk about my brother. But too bad for them, my brother will never fall in love. Ryder Padley doesn’t do love. He’s more of the player type really, but aside from that he’s the brother anyone would wish to have.
Amber Padley, the second triplet by two minutes. She had blonde wavy hair that fell perfectly down her back and piercing blue eyes that you couldn’t help but stare into. She’s the captain of the varsity cheerleading team and she had every guy falling all over her but she never settled down before. She didn’t want to any time soon even though we were starting senior year. She was the popular girl but she didn’t boss anyone around nor bully anyone. She wasn’t as they say “not worthy of being popular.” Ryder had no problem when Amber brought home her “boy of the day”. Okay, no, she didnt’t actually have a new boy every day but I liked to call them that. They would literally do anything she asked!
Her first in command was Bianca Summers who is also a captain. She had brown hair that can be worked with any hair style due in mind. She could wear curly hair one day and straight hair another but she always had her bangs clipped to the back. Their other captain was Hailey Walker. She had beach blonde hair and a flawless smile. These three perfectionistic girls were known as “The Trio” and they were the most popular girls in the entire school.
Last but certainly not least, is me, Nina Padley, the youngest of the Padley Triplets. I had light brown hair that naturally waved by itself and reached all the way to my stomach. I also had brown eyes that apparently “sparkled”. Well at least that’s what my mom once told me, along with the rest of my family. Though when I looked in the mirror, all I saw were boring, dull eyes. I would have died to have had an appearance like my sister.
I was captain of the Varsity Dance Team with my best friend Emma Anderson. We both had been dancing since we could walk and it was our dream to move on to Juilliard for college. Our two other best friends were also on the dance team with us. Their names were Nicole Miller and Emily Hale. Nicole was gorgeous with soft, wavy brown hair and beautiful brown eyes with a tanned skin colour. Emily Hale had fiery red hair that you couldn’t miss and grassy amber eyes to finish off the feisty look she had going.
My brother would never let me get even close to another guy, let alone date them. My brother was very protective over me since after all, I was his “baby sis.” He cared for me a lot, and even though sometimes it was annoying, he was still the best brother.
We all got to the top of the school pyramid in our own ways. Ryder and his friends were known as the “Top 4”, which basically stood for the top hottest guys in our school and everyone wanted to jump down their throats. My sister and her friends were in “The Trio”, which meant that they were the most popular, the most beautiful girls in our school and guys would do anything to even speak to them for a second. The Top 4 and The Trio were the two groups full of the players, and that’s what both of them were known for. My three friends and I were known as the “Quad,” which stood for the non-player girls, and guys basically chased after us if they wanted a real, long-lasting relationship with a beautiful girl… Well except for me. Ryder had that covered, no matter how many times I begged him to lay off.
The individual titles for us Padley Triplets were “The Sweetheart,”  “The Bad boy,” and “The Hottie.” Can you guess which name went to whom? “The Bad boy” went to the one and only Ryder Padley. “The Hottie” obviously went to Amber and “The Sweetheart” went to me, Nina Padley.
Now, my brother was not truly a bad boy, if that’s what you’re thinking. What gave him that label was that he got into fights easily and usually always won, leaving the guy to go run off in humiliation. I hated when he got into fights, being the reason why I never watched, whereas my sister was always screaming at him to punch harder. He also broke a lot of girls’ hearts as do the other boys of the Top 4. They played girls disgustingly and threw them away after to gain a few bucks from the boys.  I had always had a problem with their ways and I tended to call them man whores. Yes, I call my brother and his friends man whores and to their faces as well. They usually threw stuff at me or tackled me down to the floor to get me to shut up.  My sister was a gorgeous girl, hence the name “Hottie.” What made her most wanted is that no boy had ever gotten her for more than a day. She played hard to get and boys aim for what was there but weren’t allowed to touch.
And me? I was known as the “Sweetheart” of the school because, yes I was popular but no I was not mean, I didn’t get into fights, and I didn’t use boys just for fun and apparently, people think I’m innocent. No, I didn’t do things that my brother and sister did because one, I truly didn’t want to, and two, they’d never let me anyways. But trust me, I was far from innocent.
============================================================
Hi I'm Sam and this is my new story! I hope you liked so far :)
Nina Padley to the side!
Love you all,
Sam
Hi guys this story it actually very long, like a novel type. So please dont hate me...hehehe
Anyway, this is all fiction no one died when i was writting about this, all the country and name mention is all fake so please do not google or start searching as all of this is just a fiction story i wrote a long time ago.
Without letting your guys wait any longer... enjoy. please comment and tell me how is it.
Luv You.. 
Chapter 1
Amelia got into her class. She just got transfer to her new school. Everyone was nice to her at first but after that when she helps Jenn her new best friend, people started to hate her. In that school there's a lot of popular student which made their own group. Once one group starts to hate someone, all of them would follow to hate that person. Amelia walks to Jenny's table, behind the class. 
Once she sat down, she took out her math book. When she wanted to put her bag below the table, she realized it wouldn't fit. She had a quick looked and saw a newspaper were stuff underneath the table below. She look up and saw her classmates were laughing at her. She stood up, put her bag on the chair, and wanted to removed the newspapers from her table. Amelia try to pull the newspaper out but she can't. She looks at newspaper properly and saw that they glue it with the table. As she is does not want to bother herself with the newspaper, she just took her bag and placed it on her lap while waiting for the teacher to come in. 
Edward walk to his locker with Max and John. While walking towards the locker, he saw Amelia was standing at the middle of the hall. He saw that she was full with flour and egg. He look up and saw Clara and her friends were laughing at her. Amelia just walk away.
"It seem that she is the new target." John whisper.
"This is going to be fun." Said Edward.
"What are you thinking of doing? All of the group has done every thing they know but she did not care."
"Well...I'll think of something." Said Edward while smiling to John and Mike. In the school, Edward and his friends is the most powerful student and all of them feared of him. Because his family is one of the royalty and he owns the school. Even the teachers can't do anything. They walk to the locker. When Clara and her friends saw Edward, they quickly run down the stair and catch up with Edwards. Clara like Edward but Edward felt other wise. He just plays along with her since their father knew each other.
"Hi Edward..." Clara shamelessly holds Edwards hands.
Edward just gave a smile.
"I'll be having a party at my pent house. I really want you to come."
Edward was not really interested but then he remembers Amelia. He turns and says,
"Alright...I'll be there."
While Amelia was walking back to her locker, she saw a girl was running past her very fast. She thought maybe the girl is late for her class but a minute later about five other girls were chasing after the previous girl. She felt something wrong, so she decided to run after them. They run into one of the girl's washroom, Amelia peek to see what happen. When she peeks, she saw the first girl fall down and the rest crowd around her. She heard the girl says,
"I am sorry, I did not mean to tell my parents, they saw and I can't hide it from them. I am so sorry." Kelly says,
"Sorry is not good enough." One of the girls then throws a bucket of water at the girl who fell down. When Amelia saw that she immediately run to them. She pushes the other girls away and went to the girl. She quickly opens her jacket that she was wearing and covers the girl. Amelia then stand up and say,
"Sorry but I can't let you do that to her. Please go!" Amelia wanted to turn around but Kelly says,
"Who the hell are you to order us around?"
"Just no one but I suggest you to go."
"How dare you? Before I beat you up go and leave us. I have no business with you."
"No...." Kelly got really angry; Kelly then wanted to punch Amelia's face but luckily Amelia mange to catch and says,
"Before I got really piss off get out of here. Seriously!" Amelia pushed her hand down. Kelly looks at Amelia and says,
"Fine!... but next time you dead and you too Millie." While pointing her finger at Millie. Kelly and her gang then walk out of the washroom. Amelia turn behind and help Millie up.
Kelly walk to Edward who was sitting at the canteen with John and Max. When she reaches Edward, he says,
"I heard what happen."
"I am sorry. I did not expect her to do that to me." Said Kelly.
"It alright...maybe next time and make sure don't let her go." Edward looks at Kelly.
"Alright." Kelly then walked away. Max and John look at each other.
"What happen?" said Max to Edward.
"We have a new toy to play with." Said Edward. Edward then stand up and walk away. Max and John follow him as always.

**WARNING**
-This book was written when I was VERY young. It is filled with errors, plot holes, cringe worthy lines and many, MANY more issues. Please keep this in mind before continuing. If you are expecting this to be anything like my most recent work, you will be sorely disappointed. 
Hello... It's Peyton here.
Please comment and tell me what you think about this chapter...I promise you the next one will be better (:
Hope you enjoy it <3
I know I can't take one more step towards you
Cause all that's waiting is regret
And don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore
You lost the love I loved the most
I learned to live half alive
Now you want me one more time
And who do you think you are
Running 'round leaving scars
Collecting your jar of hearts
And tearing love apart
You're gonna catch a cold
From the ice inside your soul
My head phones were ripped out of my ears, and my dark room was filled with light as my mom opened the curtains, revealing the bright sun. Instantly, I closed my eyes as the sun pierced them fiercely, and I whipped the covers over my head.
"Cassie, you've been in bed almost all day. No, I'm wrong, almost all weekend. Chloe has been calling you non-stop. You're to get out of bed right now." My mother raged.
Chloe is my best friend; we're kind of too close. When I don't respond to a text or phone call, she gets all paranoid and thinks that I was kidnapped or in a car crash; something along those lines. Ever since second grade when she gave me her Ho Hos we have been inseparable. This weekend we were supposed to go to the mall and shop for the upcoming dance, but I sank into the comfort of my bed and blew her off. I know, I know, what a bitch, right? But the dance isn't until next week, and I don't think I've had a weekend to myself in months.
My thoughts were interrupted by a loud thump on the other side of the wall, followed by loud music. I slowly picked myself up and walked across the room and swung open the door. I crossed the hall and barged into my brother's room. Liam, my brother, and his two friends Percy and Evan were perched on his coach watching Jackass.
"Can you please turn that rap crap off?" I shouted.
I stood there waiting for an answer when I noticed Percy and Evan looking at me with their mouths open. My brother slowly turned his gaze to me and started to laugh. I looked down to see my hot pink tank top and my purple underwear covered in zebra strips. I was unable to move; I started to blush and could feel my heart jump rapidly. As soon as I came back to reality, I jolted from the room slamming the door behind me. When I reached my room, I sank to the floor and closed my eyes. Shit! I made a fool out of myself in front of my twin brothers extremely hot friends.
My mother called me into the kitchen for some lunch, but this time I made sure I was wearing pants. I walked into the kitchen cautiously, not wanting to bump into Percy or Evan. When I saw that the coast was clear, I stumbled into my favorite chair and slumped down trying to hide from the bright sun that was seeping through the window. I heard my brother and his friends leaving from his room, and I dove behind the other side of the counter.
Hayes' pov:"I HATE YOU! GET OUT JUST GET OUT. I NEVER WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN!" She yells and starts smashing everything. I look at her one more time before leaving. I get in my car and hear a scream come from inside through the window I see her on her knees sobbing. Tears role down my face. I can't believe what just happened. Just like that, ten years went down the drain.I don't even know who started it, but I know she finished it. That hurts. She was my best friend for ten years and I ruined it, I ruin everything!
I get to my house and run upstairs to my room, my mom calling out behind me. I flop on my bed and cry harder than before. All of this over a little mistake. How could I be so stupid. I feel my phone vibrate in my jumper pocket, I take it out and see it's her."Hello." I say."Hayes. I can't do this anymore." She says."Do what? Our friendship because you've already ended that." I say and roll my eyes."No. I mean I can't do life anymore." She says, her voice getting quieter and more anxious. "What do you mean? I swear if you're sitting there with a bottle of pills or a gun you better put them down right now." I say, I feel tears run down my face again."I figured this was better than a suicide note. I want you to be the last person I talk to." She says. No this can't be happening right now. No.No."Hayes, I loved you. You never noticed but I did, with all my heart and all my strength and I was never getting anything back and that's why I've burnt out. My life has no meaning, nothing to live for but you're going to live and love and find a wife, have kids and grow up till you're old. You're going to forget about me and that's okay." I hear her pick something up."Please no! Don't PLEASE NO!! DON'T DO THIS I LOVE YOU TOO. I WANT YOU TO BE MY WIFE THAT I GROW OLD WITH! Please Bella, please don't do this!!" I scream and cry. "I'm sorry Hayes, I really am." She says and I hear a gun shot. "NO BELLA NO NO BELLA PLEASE BELLA HELP SOMEONE HELP MOM NASH WILL CALL 911 HELP BELLA NO BELLA IM SORRY I LOVE YOU." My mom and Nash come rushing in."Hayes, what's wrong?!" Nash yells."BELLA NASH BELLAS GONE AND SHES NOT COMING BACK UNLESS WE SAVE HER" I yell."Why? Where is she?!" Nash yells."SHES PROBABLY IN HEAVEN RIGHT NOW! NASH SHES DEAD." I yell, my mom stands there in shock, Nash and I cry. "Mom, please do something." I say weakly."Or I will." I say. "Benjamin, what do you mean 'or I will?' If you're thinking about what she did then don't you dare!! Think about how much pain it's caused you! Times that by 1000000 and that's how much pain it will cause us two!" She says and hugs me. I nod and cry into her shoulder. They leave to go and call Bella's parents because they are away. I go into the bathroom and take out Will's drugs he takes for sports. I take a handful and shove then in my mouth, then another one and another one until the bottle is empty. I feel everything go white and a pain throughout my whole body. "HAYES!" I hear Nash yell."Bye." I mumble and everything goes dark and quiet."Hayes, you joined me?" She asks." yeah. I love you." I say."I love you too."
OMG this was really sad and I cried heaps. Lol.New book tho!!!! Yay!!! Comment some requests and who with and I'll do my best.
It's summer. So of course, my friends and I are going to go swimming. We all hang at my neighborhood community pool. 
I jump in, already soaking wet,"CANNONBALL!" 
The water splashes around me as I submerge myself in the surrounding water. 
"Yeesh Y/N! You got me all wet!" My best friend, Y/BFF/N, scolds me.
"Oops." I shrug. She gives me a cold look, I giggle. 
"Oh my gosh, Y/N, look!" My friend, Y/F/N, gasps. She points towards the direction of the pool's entrance. 
When I find where she's pointing to, I almost scream. 
My crush. Is here. At the pool. Where I am. 
"Oh crap." I whisper under my breath. 
I watch (not so discreetly) as he removes his shirt and his abs show. I stare at them, only before realizing that I'm doing so. 
I look away quickly, snapping back to reality. When I notice my friends aren't around me, I turn. I find them near the corner of the pool, farthest away from me, whispering. 
"Umm, guys?" I raise an eyebrow. 
"Hmm, what?" My other friend, Y/O/F/N, suspiciously stutters.
"Can I know what you're-" I cut myself off, realizing she turned back to the group. 
"Well then." I mutter. 
I hear a splash from behind me. I look behind me, over my shoulder to see if it was any other of my friends. 
I wish. It was Y/C/N. 
I look away, wanting but resisting the urge to look at him. 
I blush at myself, not exactly knowing why. 
When I look up, my friends were gone. I catch Y/BFF/N closing the pool gate behind her as she smirks and winks at me. 
I give her the death glare and turn the other way, getting ready to get out the pool. But, of course, Y/C/N is right in front of me. 
++++++++++++++++++++++++ Ending at a cliffhanger because I want to see how this does. This is an original idea. Purely from my head. Hope you guys like it!
Author’s note: This is my first posting to Wattpad – thanks for reading! Please vote, comment and like! Truly, Madly, Deadly is the first of my YA thrillers published with Sourcebooks – coming soon in January is See Jane Run. All of my books are available in print and digital from any major retailer.
 Copyright © 2013 by Hannah Jayne
 ONE
 “Thank you for coming.”
 The words rose and fell on the soft pile carpet, and Sawyer wondered whether she should brush the small ball of fuzz from Kevin’s earlobe. It stuck there, stark and white against the dark navy blue of his suit.
 “I couldn’t have gotten through today without you,” Mrs. Anderson said, squeezing Sawyer’s ice-cold hand.
 Sawyer knew she should say something comforting, something warm and thoughtful, but all she could focus on was that little bit of fuzz on Kevin’s left ear.
“They said it was immediate,” someone whispered. “They said he was drunk.”
Sawyer had heard those words tumble over and over in her mind every minute for the past forty-eight hours. It was immediate, Kevin was drunk, he didn’t stand a chance. She wasn’t crying—couldn’t anymore—as she stared down at Kevin. His eyes were closed, his lips slightly parted, and his hands were gently crossed against his chest. Sawyer couldn’t help but think from somewhere dark, somewhere deep inside of her, that at least he couldn’t hurt her anymore.
“You must be devastated.”
Sawyer felt Mr. Hanson, her Spanish teacher, lay a gentle hand on her shoulder. She shrunk away, the smell of lilies suddenly overwhelmingly cloying. “I’ll be right back.”
She took the stairs two at a time, her black ballet flats falling soundlessly on the carpet. She paused on the top floor landing when she saw the girl at the end of the hall.
The girl blinked at Sawyer.
She was tall and thin—unfortunately so—with a boyish body that was all edges and angles. Her long brown hair was looped in a herringbone braid that fell over one shoulder, and baby hairs stood up in a static-y halo around her head, shot out from the loose weave of the braid. The girl’s eyes looked like they may have been velvety brown and deeply alive once, but they were sunken and flat now. Her full lips were barely pink and pulled down at the edges. This girl wore her mourning black like a second skin.
Sawyer swallowed; the girl swallowed.
Sawyer paused for a full beat before tugging self-consciously at her braid, then averted her eyes from the mirror that reflected a girl she scarcely recognized. She continued down the hall, moving quickly.
She knew from nights lying to her parents and sneaking, shoeless, past his parents’ room that Kevin’s door was the last one on the left. She slipped in there on a sigh, clicking the door shut softly behind her. A curl-edged painting was scotch taped to the back of Kevin’s door and Sawyer, stunned, fingered it softly. It was a beach scene she had painted the first day Kevin spoke to her. They were in art class and she was lost in her own brush strokes, squinting, leaning close to make the crush of the waves as realistic as possible.
I'm Alicia. Alicia Kennedy. I'm twelve years old and in my 6th grade. I live in the Philippines, born and raise. But I'm half Australian and half Filipino. I have friends-- Alyssa, Katherine, Gemmy, Cody, and Larry. But before them, I also had some other friends-- Kimmy, Yanna, and Anna. I have a boyfriend, Ron. He's a basketball varsity in our school.
What will happen if Ron break up with me? Will everybody else also leave me? And how will I accept that?
Ang istorya na ito ay english-tagalog. Enjoy! :)
   Fresh out of high school, Jocelyn Wilson just wanted to get her priorities straight and she’s taking a year off from college since she doesn’t know what she wants out of her life. But when gang leader Tyson Liousion comes along and takes her under his wing, she wanted nothing more than to get away from him, but Tyson and his gang kept an eye on her since she arrived at their house. When Jocelyn starts spending more and more time with Tyson, she starts falling for him, hard.  And it seems like Tyson feels the same way about her. When Jocelyn’s life is endangered she’s forced to leave Tyson and his gang to go back to her normal life. But will she be able to leave Tyson to go back to her old life?
(Renz POV)
Hay sa wakas! Natapos na yung project na ginagawa namin ni Anamarie, grabeng pagod! Woooh! Kailangan ko ng pumunta sa school para sa try out, baka maging monster na naman ulit si coach eh.
"Babes, alis na ko ha?!"
Sigaw ko sa kanya habang nag-aayos ng gamit. Pumunta kasi siya sa kusina. Malapit lng naman yung kusina nila sa salas nila kaya sinigaw ko na lang.
"Ha?! Kain muna tayo. Nag-handa pa naman si mommy ng meryenda"
Sagot niya sa 'kin habang naglalakad palabas ng kusina nila.
" Huwag na lang babes. May try out kasi ngayon eh."
"Diba varsity kana?"
"Kailangan daw naming mag-assist dun sabi ni coach. Saka, may band practice pa kami."
"Tss! Sige na nga."
Tapos tumalikod siya. Nag-tampo na naman ang babes ko. Ang cute niya talaga 'pag nagtatampo! Hug ko lang naman katapat ng tampong  yan eh. At dahil naka-talikod siya, binack hug ko siya. 
"Wag ka ng magtampo. Promise, babawi ako mamaya pagkatapos ng try out."
Tapos humarap siya sa 'kin at hinug rin ako.
"Oo na. Basta mamaya ha. Alis ka na. Baka ma-late ka sa try out niyo."
O diba, hug ko lang katapat niyan.
"Tss.  Baka nagtatampo ka pa."
Pakipot ko pa kunwari. Humiwalay siya sa pagkakayakap sa 'kin.
"Hindi na po"
Then she pinched my cheeks.
"Sige na nga, sabi mo 'yan ha."
Pumunta ako sa kusina saglit para magpa-alam kay tita.
"Alis na po ako tita."
"Sige, mag- ingat ka ha."
" Yes tita."
Ta's bineso ko si tita at umalis na 'ko. Hinatid ako ni Anamarie papunta sa gate nila. Naglakad lang ako paalis mula sa subdivision nila Anamarie. Nung nasa highway na ko, kinuha ko yung mp3 player ko at nakinig ako ng music. Medyo malapit lang naman ang school namin mula rito eh kaya nilakad ko na lang. Hinintay ko munang mag red light bago ako tumawid, nasa kabilang dulo kasi ng subdivision nila Anamarie yung school namin.
*BEEP BEEP*
Narinig kong bumusina ng isang truck. Pagkatapos ay narinig kong parang may nabunggo itong kung ano. Lumingon ako sa likod at nakita kong parang may dugo sa baba ng truck na tumigil sa gitna ng highway. Hala! May nasagasaan. Tumakbo lahat ng tao sa nasagasaan kabilang na yung mga nakasabay ko sa pag-tawid. Tss, natulog siguro ang driver ng truck na 'to at hindi nakita na nasa red light pa yung traffic light. Kawawa naman yung nasagasaan.
"Hala, sayang naman 'yang babaeng yan. Ang ganda pa naman sana."
Narinig kong sabi ng isang tao sa nasagasaan. So babae ang nasagasaan? Medyo na curious ako at the same time kinabahan ng walang dahilan kaya pumunta ako dun sa crime scene at naki-usyoso. Medyo nahirapan rin akong tingnan kung sino yung nasagasaan kasi ang rami na ring tao na nakiki-usyoso pero naka-raos rin naman sa huli. Nung nasa harapan na 'ko nung babaeng nasagasaan, grabeng bigla ko kasi napakaraming dugo. Grabe siguro yung pagkasagasa sa kanya nung truck. Hindi ko pa nakikita yung mukha ng babae kasi nakaharap sa left side yung ulo niya, nasa right side niya kasi ako, pero yung damit niya familiar sa 'kin. Teka, yung suot nung babae .... Tumakbo ako dun sa may left side kung saan nakaharap yung mukha ng babaeng nasagasaan. At nung nakita ko yung mukha niya, bigla na lang tumulo ang luha ko. Yung nasagasaan, si...









ANAMARIE!!!!


[A/N] HAHAHA!!! Sensya na po sa prologue ko. Intindihin niyo na lang po na baguhan lang po ako sa writing indsurty. XDD!!
Chapter 1
       I stared out the car window, looking at the new high school I was going to be attending. This was it. This was the moment that I could see all my old friends that I had to leave five years ago. I couldn't wait to see them, especially my best friend.
       Unfortunately, I hadn't been in contact with any of them, so I had no idea if they still lived here. They didn't even know I was moving back.
       I wondered how they were. I wondered if Lauren and Tanya were still best friends. I wondered what Seb was like now. Man, I really missed Sebastian.
       I still remember the moment we meant. We were five and both signed up for karate class. I met him in the dojo on the very first day.
       I watched as everyone excitingly ran up to their parents, telling them about their first day. I couldn't wait to tell my mom about it.
       I tied my shoes, anxiously watching the door for my mom to pick me up. When my shoes were tied, I stood up. Almost everyone was gone. There were a few people left, including a boy who stood up when he put on his shoes. They were untied and I didn't want him to trip. "Hey," I said to him. "Your shoes." I pointed to the laces.
       He looked down. "Oh, I know. I don't want to tie them."
       "Why?" I asked. "You don't want to trip, do you?"
       "When I tie them, they always untie by themselves," he said. "And I fall anyway. Life is full of disappointment."
       I furrowed my eyebrows. Someone wasn't a happy person. "Why don't you get the shoes with the straps?"
       He shrugged. "There's no point. My daddy won't buy them. He says I should learn to tie my shoes."
       "Why don't you?" I asked.
       "Life is full of disappointment."
       Seb was always a pessimistic kid, but we became best friends anyway. I wondered if he was still the same.
       "Artemis," Dad said, snapping me out of my thoughts. "You should probably get going. Go straight to the office and they'll give you your schedule and locker."
       I nodded, opening the car door and hoping out. "I'll see you after school."
       "Have a nice day," Dad said before I closed the door.
       I went straight to the office, which was thankfully beside the entrance of the school. I did not want to look for it right now. The bell was going to ring soon and I would still have to find my locker and my classes.
       I walked up to the desk to the lady sitting behind it. "You must be Artemis," she said. I nodded, amazed at how she knew that. She handed me a piece of paper. "Here is your schedule. Your locker number and combination is on the top."
       "Thanks," I said, looking at my schedule. "Um, any chance you know where the AP chemistry class is?" 
       "Yes, that's upstairs, on the east wing," she said. "It's the chemistry lab and it's not hard to miss. Anything else?"
       I looked at my schedule again. "English?" I just wanted to find out the classes before lunch. The ones after I could look for later.
       "Upstairs, west wing," she said. "All the English classrooms are grouped together."
       "Okay, thank you," I said with a smile.
       She smiled back. "You're welcome. I hope you like it here."
i wrote this a long time ago and really not planning to edit it! but hopefully you can still enjoy with all the errors or don't lol
Falling For The Badboy
Meet Skylar Adams, the invisible girl that nobody ever noticed. Over the years Skylar has learned not to let anybody in, she has built walls around her so that she can't get hurt. But when Noah Harris A.K.A the schools Badboy, sees Skylar being bullied by the school sluts he decides to put an end to it.     
Meet Noah Harris, the guy everybody is scared of. He is a Badboy that is also known for playing girls. But is it truly him? Or do Skylar and Noah have more in common then they think?
So what happens when you put a invisible girl and a badboy together? Read and find out.
"You need to let it out sometime y/n" your 'therapist' said. You sat silently on the chair. 
"Sh-sherlock...." you whispered. Tears were falling from you eyes now, but  silently.
She wrote something on her clipboard, "yes and what about him?" 
"He-....he's dead..."
***memory***
"No! Star right were you are!" Sherlock yelled through the phone. He took a step back. Tears threatening to fall.
"Sh-sherlock?" Your voice cracked. He reached his hand out for you. You did the same.
"Sherlock, what are you doing?" You managed to say.
"I'm a fake." He said. You couldn't believe a word he said.
"No-Sherlock. You are not a fake. You knew about me and john when you saw us. You took care of me and john. Please Sherlock."
"I researched you and john before you got there."
"Shut up." You sobbed.
"Y/n-" 
"Shut up." You said more angrily. He just stood there. A tear fell off his face. THE Sherlock Holmes's face.
"Why did you call me." You said, calming Down.
"Th-this phone call is a note. That's what people do don't they....leave notes." Sherlock said, his voice cracking on every word.
You didn't want to believe what you thought he was gonna do, "f-for what?" 
He just sighed, "goodbye y/n."
You couldn't even handle the words he had spoken, "no. Don't." You shook your head, sobbing.
He threw his phone to the right side of the roof. He then....jumped.
"Sher-SHERLOCK!!!" You weeped.
His arms and legs flailing in the air. His overly large coat getting the breeze. He then hit the ground with a thud.
You stood in shock. You couldn't handle that you just sawThe man you love, commit suicide.
You fastly walked over to were he fell. Pushing people out the way. A biker hit you, and you fell. You couldn't focus. You got off the ground, limping.
As you approached, people surrounded his body. You ran over to him, "Sherlock..." you whispered
You grabbed his hand. Doctors came out and tried to make you let go. You wouldn't.
"He-he's my friend. Please he's my fr-friend. Let me please." You said to them.
They finally got you to let go. 5 other nurses came to assist you. You could feel your anxiety rising. 'This is your fault!'Your mind yelled at you, 'why wasn't it you instead of him!'/\/\/\\/\/\/\/\//\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\//\/\/\\/\\\///\/\/\/\
I'M SORRY IT WAS SHORT, BUT I CRIED EVEN THOUGH IT SUCKED!!I don't know why, but I just wanted to write this for a long time, but I didn't want to.......
I know.
I'm a lazy ass.
Well...goodbye my mishians! And remember...may the odds be ever in your favor.
****************Aria's POV********************
I rolled over to find my hand lay on a bare chest. I opened my eyes and sat up right away. Laying next to me was a guy that was shirtless and I was hoping he had underwear on. He had brown hair, looked about 24 years old, and he had a very nice body whoever this guy was.
Then it hit me that I had meet him last night. He bought me a drink and we sort of hit it off. His name was Liam, he was 26 years old, he just moved back from Colorado, he was very attractive and if I remembered right his night had been shitty too.
I looked down to see I was wearing no clothes. "Damn it!" I thought as I ran to the bathroom. His house was super nice, this guy must be rich I thought.
I threw on my clothes from last night and grabbed all my stuff and ran downstairs late for work already and I certainly did not want for it to be awkward if I couldn't remember half the night.
"Allie! Call me when you get this I need to talk to you about last night at the bachelorette party." I left a message for my sister.
Within a few mintues Allie called me back. "Can you tell me what the hell went on last night?" I asked Allie.
"Well you sure hit it off with some guy named Liam... Then when it came time to leave you insisted he take you home and that you were going to be fine.. Why??" Allie said.
"Great! Well let's just say I found out where he lives." I said concerned.
"What? You slept with him? Didn't You?" She asked laughing now.
"It's not funny.. I don't even really know him." I said defensive.
"He's hot so that's not bad of a deal." She teased.
"Look I will call you later I have to go to work... Well talk about this later." I said hanging up on her.
I walked into my office and checked my messages. There was 3 messages all were business calls. I was just about to go out to get coffee in the breakroom when Chole the secretary came up to me.
"Did you hear about last night?" She said with a sad tone in the voice.
"No why? What happened?" I asked.
"Well last night after Mr. Collins left the office last night he got into a car accident and he is on life support... They said that the only one to take care of everything is his son that just moved home..He will be here on Monday." She said refilling her cup.
How could this happen? I asked myself. I was Mr. Collins helper and I took care of everything for him and now he was gone. I had been here at H & L for 3 years now.
I walked  back to my office in awe that this had all happened. I should probley go see him just in case something happened but I had to finish some paperwork and do some business before leaving.
I was busy with all Mr. Collins clients all day. I had two meetings already plus 10 clients that I met with. When I got back from lunch there was a note saying meeting in conference room at 12:00 and it was already 12:10. Shit I was late!
I opened the conference room to see Mrs. Collins talking to the others.
"Sorry I just got back from lunch." I exclaimed sitting down in the empty chair.
"It's okay Aria. I was just telling them that Dean is still in need of lots of care and he has a broken leg, neck, and he has bleeding in his brain which they are trying their hardest to stop. If he ever gets out he will still be in months of recovery so my son has just moved back and he is going to take over. He is in Dean's office right now sorting things out if you would all like to go meet him by the end of the day." She said.
We all agreed and gave her a hug. I went back into my office to finish my errands. I was almost done with all my work when I got a message from Chole to go meet the new boss. I walked down the hall to Collins office and slowly knocked and entered when I heard a mutter.

Essa é uma história de época e eu tenho pesquisado o máximo de fatos possíveis pra deixar a história com coisas jurídicas, porém, não é sempre que eu consigo deixar tudo como realmente aconteceu até porque é uma ficção. Eu espero que vocês entendam isso.
Eu postarei dois capítulos por semana, de inicio. Se vocês me pedirem pra postar mais vezes, eu postarei. Mas para isso acontecer, vocês precisam ser participativos e deixarem as opiniões. Tenho certeza que ao decorrer da história, eu mudarei de ideia várias vezes então tenham paciência pois estou fazendo o meu melhor.
Eu pretendo fazer um trailer e postar fotos de alguns personagens, se vocês quiserem. 
É isso, espero que gostem.
Ps: quem fez essa capa maravilhosa foi @itsjwstme, vão lá ler a fanfic dela sobre o Louis. É maravilhosa.
Kyle sanders - Bryce hall Drew sanders - Dylan sprouse Luke sanders - Brent RiveraMatt sanders - Cole sprouse Cole sanders - Ross lynch (short hair)
Jake Sanchez - Gabriel Mathis 
Meghan Louis - Lauren Taylor 
Nick Connorly - Shawn Mendes Sera Connerly - Landry Bender 
My badboys game.
This is the cast list; 
Dylan O'Brien - Jacob LancasterKiera Knightly - Amelia WhiteJamie Dornan - Chris Loudon Emma  Watson - Jane Willow
I hope you enjoy this. Now let's get started with the crappy book 
--------------
'WE DROP 'EM LIKE AYO, TAKE HER ASS DOWN, BRING HER FRIEND AROUND FUCK 'EM BOTH LIKE AYO' 
As Chris Brown floods my ears, I switch off my alarm and look up at the ceiling, groaning. It's Friday. 
I get up and go to the my attached bathroom. I look in the mirror and I look like Chewbacca, yeah Chewbacca.
I hop in the shower, preparing myself for the hell hole A.K.A school. 
About 15 minutes later, I get out the shower and towel dry my hair, I met it dry naturally into its waves and it sits at my hips. 
Im your average 5'3, brown hair, hazel eyes. Boring ol' me. I put on my high wasted blue tie died shorts, pink crop top and some vans. 
I check my phone, weird. Unknown number? 
Unknown: You looked amazing last night, especially on the dance floor;) 
Amelia: Who is this? 
Unknown: Wanna play a game?
Amelia: Sure?
Unknown: It will take a month for a winner;)
Amelia: K. 
Unknown: So you in? 
Amelia: Yeah? 
Unknown: Let the games commence Amelia
Amelia: Whatever 'pervert'
--------------------Jacobs POV
I chuckled at her nickname. 'Pervert'.I'm really not if I sit behind her in every class. 
Which I will be in 10 minutes. Our school is pretty much cliché. You have your Badboy; i.e me. Your nerd; Amelia and your Queen wannabe; Sophie. 
Your typical story is, the Badboy falls for the Nerd, the Queen Wannabe wants the Badboy, the Badboy and Nerd end up getting married and so on. 
But not this Badboy. I like to well, keep my options... Open.
I'm now sitting in class waiting for a certain brunette arrive. I just love to annoy her. 
She walks in suddenly with her eyes glued to her screen and a bit of hair tucked behind her ear. 
As she sits down I take a glance and she sees looking at our conversation. Weirdo. 
The teacher walks in and she locks her phone. She takes her books out and starts to copy down the work. 
I honestly don't want anything but her virginity, shes nobody, I just want to be that person to take advantage when I've made her vulnerable. 
I start to pay attention as I think 'Oh how I'm going to enjoy these next few weeks'
---------------------- 
Amelia's POV
"Amelia, are you even paying attention?" Mr Copper said. I couldn't lie, I was too busy fussing about this silly game. 
"Eh. No sir" I say not even a whisper, I am ashamed. I couldn't help but let a frown creep across my face. 
"Very well, don't let it happen happen again please" he said continuing his lecture on KFC. 
Yes. KFC. 
The bell rings and I bolt out the class, I make a beeline for my car. My White FIAT 500. My prize possession. 
I drive out the hell hole parking lot and drive home blasting 'Apple Bottom Jeans'. 
----------- 
"MOOOM, IM HOOOOME!!!" I shout while closing the door, greeting the atmosphere I call home, or the only place where I feel safe. 
Well, its safe until you realise you live next door to one if the baddest guys in school; Jacob Lancaster. 
I walk into the kitchen and see a note in the table: 'I  won't be home until next month, very important business trip. No house parties. Left money for pizza. Love you ~ Mom xo' 
See, my mom works for an international clothes line. She isn't an entrepreneur, she just is the entrepreneur's assistant. 
She rolls in the big number, so my house is like big but not mansion big, like this boy I've been crushing on since 4th grade, his names Chris, Chris Loudon.
I go upstairs, and change into my black basketball shorts which are 'his' but he won't be needing them, and a grey tank. 
I make some popcorn, call the pizza place, and get some coke. Seems to be a movie night. That's how I like my Friday's.
"One of the most beautiful and weirdest things that happens is to fall in love with a person you didn't even notice at the first time you met them."- Unknown
***
Click.
Click click. My best friend Sam pointed the remote at the television in front of us, flicking through channels so quickly that there was no way she could actually see what was on each one. We were laying in a tangle of arms and legs on the couch, surrounded only by an almost-empty packet of M&Ms and my lazy little Cavoodle dog, Leonardog DogCaprio. 
We called him Leo for short. 
"Issy! Look what's on!" Sam shrieked, sitting up so quickly that I toppled over and landed on the floor on my butt. I shot Sam a dirty look, but she was too engaged by whatever was on the screen to notice. Rubbing my derriere, I stood up and re-flopped back onto the couch seal-style, turning my attention to the screen. 
I groaned when I saw what Sam wanted to watch so badly.
Please no.
"And here we have Jenny Lucas, 38, from Wisconsin. Jenny's hobbies include..." Without even thinking, I stopped listening to the blonde lady onscreen as she continued to talk nonsense. It was almost habitual now-- to just turn my brain off when I heard her voice. 
"Oh, come on, Isabelle. Have you ever even watched a whole episode before? Besides, I think it's pretty cool what your mom does-- it's so different to normal, boring-ass jobs." Sam shrugged, not tearing her gaze away from the show. 
My mother, Courtney Conway, was a matchmaker. Or more precisely, the most renowned matchmaker in America. She'd started in high school, setting up blind dates and finding prom dates for those few lonely hearts that for some reason didn't have one. Once she graduated she worked on an online dating website for a little while before finally starting her own matchmaking business, which had recently been turned into a reality TV show called 'Cupid'.
"It's definitely not cool." I told Sam, picking up an M&M and throwing it into the air so I could catch it with my mouth. "I mean, she makes a living exploiting lonely people who can't find love, and making them believe that she can truly give them their soulmate. It's pathetic actually. And mean." 
Sam gave me her best resting bitch face, before shoving a handful of M&Ms into her own mouth. "I think it's neat that she helps people." She mumbled. Sam readjusted her unicorn onesie so that the hood sat neatly over her dishevelled hair, and I crossed my arms over my chest. 
"My mom can't even make her own relationship work, so how can she help others." I said bitterly, staring at my mother's made-up face grinning on the screen. Sam didn't respond, but she turned the television off abruptly. 
"Issy, if I tell you something, do you promise to remain perfectly calm?" Sam asked me quietly, turning to me with one of those serious, my-cat-just-died type looks. 
I stared at her with concern as she inhaled deeply, fiddling absentmindedly with the buttons on her onesie. 
"Isabelle, I-"
"Girls!" My dad called out to us, cutting Sam off from whatever she was about to say. He peered his head into the room, dressed in his work slacks and a crisp white shirt. "I have to run out--there's an emergency with a client but hopefully I won't be too long. Are you girls happy to grab some takeout for dinner?" He asked us as he cursed down at the tie he was trying to knot around his neck. 
I glanced at Sam for approval, and she shrugged, nodding. 
"Yeah that's fine." I smiled at my dad, watching as he breathed a sigh of relief. 

Herkese Selamlar. 
Yeni bir hikayeye başladım. Zaman neler getirecek bilmiyorum. Ama umarım güzel olur ve umarım içimize siner. 
Hikayedeki karakterlerin ve olayların hiçbiri gerçek değildir. İsim benzerlikleri olursa af ola. 
Diğer mafya hikayeleriyle benzerliği olup olmadığını bilmiyorum ama okuduklarımın içindekilerle olmadığını biliyorum. Kurgu sadece benim hayal ürünümdür. 
Hikayeyi yazmaya yeni başladım. Umarım istediğim şekilde hikayeyi sürdürebilirim. Desteklerinizi eksik etmeyin lütfen. 
Herkese teşekkür ederim iyi okumalar dilerim. 
KARAKTERLER:

Gözde Akın- 24 yaşında sanat öğrencisi 1.64 boyunda 60 kilo siyah saçlı kahverengi gözlü. beyaz tenli. Yengeç burcu. 
Kuzey Ergin- 25 Yaşında Sanat öğrencisi Kumral ela gözlü. 1.95 boyunda 70 kilo. Şakacı  çekici çapkın. Sesi güzel. kızların gözdesi. Akrep burcu.
Melis Durmaz- 23 Yaşında sanat öğrencisi Sarışın yeşil gözlü. 1.62 boyunda 53 kilo. Sempatik. Duygusal. Güzelliğe ve lükse düşkün. Aslan burcu. 
Cem Durmaz- Melis'in abisi 27 yaşında sanat öğrencisi 1.82 boyunda 60 kilo. şakacı sempatik. Kick boks yapıyor. Yay burcu. 
Işıl Güçlü- 23 Yaşında Sanat öğrencisi. 62 kilo 1.72 boyunda. Mavi gözlü. Kızıl saçlı. 
İhsan Demir- 26 yaşında sanat öğrencisi. 1.93 boyunda 74 kilo. Eski basketbolcu. 
Zeynep Güler- 22 Yaşında Sanat öğrencisi Kahverengi saçlı ve gözlü. 50 kilo 1.60 boyunda. Balık burcu.
Rüzgar Güçlü- 26 yaşında Işıl'ın abisi. 1.83 boyunda 63 kilo. Kıvırcık kahverengi saçlı. Mavi gözlü.  Balık burcu.
Eda Güçlü Solmaz- 27 yaşında Işıl'ın ablası evli ve 3 yaşında bir kızı var. Kahverengi saçlı ela gözlü. 1.64 boyunda 64 kilo. Terazi burcu. 
Mert Güler- 25 yaşında sarışın yakışıklı 1.68 boyunda 60 kilo. Zeynep'in abisi. Melis'in platonik aşkı. 
Emre Mertoğlu- 32 yaşında Bir kızı var 4 yaşında Adı Melek. Mafya. Aynı zamanda inşaat şirketi ve otelleri var. Bekar. kızının annesi kızını terk edip başka bir adama kaçmış yurt dışında. Kuvvetli. Dövüş sporları biliyor. Dört dil biliyor. Türkçe, İngilizce, Fransızca ve İtalyanca. Mimarlık ve İnşaat Mühendisliği mezunu. Aşka küsmüş. Kadınlardan nefret ediyor. Hayatında tek değer verdiği ,Tek sevdiği kızı Melek. Onu korumak için her şeyi yapar. Akrep burcu. 1.92 boyunda 70 kilo. kumral ve mavi gözlü. 
Kaan Mertoğlu- Emre'nin kardeşi 28 yaşında. Abisinin inşaat şirketinde çalışıyor. Koç burcu. Kıvırcık saçlı ve sarışın. 1.88 boyunda 65 kilo. 
Melek Mertoğlu- 4 Yaşında Emre'nin kızı. Sarışın mavi gözlü. 
Sultan Hanım- Emre'nin evdeki yardımcısı ve Melek'in bakıcısı. Emre Sultan hanımı annesi gibi sever. 
Kerem Mertoğlu- Emre'nin mafya olan babası. İzmir'in büyük mafyalarından. Mertoğlu Holding'in sahibi. Çok sayıda şirketleri ve otelleri var. 
Aylin Mertoğlu- Emre'nin annesi. Yüksek sosyeteden. İstanbullu. vs...
Cenk Durmaz- Melis ile Cem'in babası. İzmir'in güçlü mafyalarından. Cem ile Melis bilmiyorlar. Durmaz Holding'in sahibi. İthalat ve ihracat işleriyle uğraşıyorlar. 
Sevgi Durmaz- Melis ile Cem'in annesi. Bir lisede müzik öğretmeni. Çok sevecen bir kadın. 



Prologue
"Its funny how you can grow away from your best friend, when just a few years ago they were the most important person in your life."
-Alice Johnson
A true best friend is hard to find nowadays. Why? Because they either find new friends or change. Well for me my ex-best friend, Lawrence Conway, changed a lot over the summer break. Instead of the nice, sweet, and friendly guy he use to be he changed into a annoying, rude, unfriendly, bothersome, rebel, and playboy jerk. But I didn't find out about this until the first day of school at Springwood High School.
I mean when I saw him making out with Diana Pierce on a locker I should've known something was up because he and I both loathed her so much ever since she use to bother us and pick on us with her little group of minions in middle school. Even though I knew this I just thought maybe he forgave her or she had changed(yeah right).
So being me I went over to him and tapped him on his shoulder. He didn't immediately break the make-out session with Diana but once he did he turned around and shocked me with what he said to me.
"What the fuck do you want! Can't you see I'm busy?! Or are you to damn blind to see that?" he asked with attitude. 
Wow. Just...wow. He completely blew my mind away with his new attitude, look, and language. I think it took me about some minutes to finally come back down to earth to realize something about him.
This was not my best fiend anymore. Nope. Something else was standing in front of him and it just pissed me off on a Monday morning.
"Um...I just came over to say hi and ask how you're summer was, jerk. No need for the attitude on a Monday morning especially." Now don't get me wrong I can be nice at times but don't push me over my limits cause you will unleash the demon inside of me.
He scoffed in response and then smirked evilly. "Remember the way you just spoke to me because I sure won't forget" was all he said before walking away and Diana glaring at me before going to catch up with him.
Like he said I did remember how I spoke to him and boy did I regret it. Every since that day he'd always come and bother me with some of his friends. It started out with him bothering me in class and since we mostly have all are classes together it was annoying. Then in came calling me weird or childish nicknames like 'Lice', 'Slender gal', 'Weirdo101', and many more. Lastly there was the teasing where he'd always talk about how I use to act and look in middle school to provoke me.
Not only did I despise him so much I wanted to punch him so badly every single day at school but my friend, Julie Ward, was the one who was keeping me from snapping on Lawrence and Matthew Dixon, Lawrence's best buddy and another rebel at school.
I met her the first week of school also at lunch while trying to get away from Lawrence and Matthew. Not looking I bumped into her and we both said sorry to each other and then we both said "Jinx!" and that was the start of our friendship. We both also got along because she abhorred Lawrence also and cause we both love to eat.
Now as time went on I grew tired and tired of his everyday teasing and bullying. I wanted it to end so badly that I would kill for him to stop. I would do anything for him to leave me alone so I could just have a normal high school life and graduate.
So the only thing I could think of was just asking him what he wants. Maybe he'd take the offer or he'd laugh out loud in my face and continue to torture me endlessly everyday at school with his rebel group of friends.
But the funny thing is he didn't laugh or even say anything when I told him I'll do anything for him to stop with the constant bullying. The only thing he did was smirk. Yes you heard me. All he did was smirk at me and then smiled a little showing his pearly white teeth a bit.
For normal people it would look cute but for him it was just plain creepy and weird. He still stood there smiling while I stood there thinking of every disgusting or horrendous things he had planned for me. But what he said actually shocked me to my bones.
He said three little words that made me almost faint right then and there which was "Be my girlfriend." Not only was I going to say no I was actually going to slap some sense into him! Why in the hell would I ever go out with him? It would be like I'm dating a demon from hell which is better then him!
Yeah I was going to refuse but then the bullying popped up in my head again. I badly wanted it to end but didn't want to be his girlfriend. I thought about which could be worse and kept thinking and figuring out what I should do. Man do I hate decision making.
With one finally thought though I had made up my mind. Maybe the devil was controlling me and compelled me to do it or maybe I was going crazy. But either way it had to happen. I wish I'd never even spoke to him on the first day of school because then I wouldn't be in this predicament.
But everything does happen for a reason. I just wish mine didn't happen because I'd just made a deal with the devil himself and boy was I about to be in some real hot messes with him at my side compelling me to do things I would never ever think of doing in my entire life.
Just what exactly did I get myself into when I messed with Lawrence Conway, my ex-best friend?!
* * *
Please vote if you like it. And comment and tell me if you liked it, hated it, or if it need improvement!
COPYRIGHT:
All my works are copyrighted under the Copyright, Designs, and Parents Act 1988. This includes all chapters, prologues/epilogues and associated content.(i.e fanfics, teasers, and content with blogs, social networks and eReaders) Any unauthorised copying, broadcasting, manipulation, disturbution, or selling of this work constitutes as an infrigement of Copyright. Any infrigement of this Copyright is punishable by law.
As I gazed at the score board, I felt someone watching me. I looked around but saw no one looking in my direction. Something caught my attention ; it was  someone walking through the shadows of the dark alley so me being curious followed it .
"Who's there?" I asked looking around clutching my gun. There was a noise coming from my left and I quickly whipped my head but saw no one. 
I heard another noise coming from my right side and did the same but this time taking my gun out in case something happened. 
I felt someone's presence behind me so I turned around and my eyes went wide when I saw who it was. He leaned forward and blew a hot breath on my ear. 
"You're screwed." He stated then disappeared through the thin air.  
--------------------------------------------------------
Okay this is the summary people ! I think it's not clich'e like most stories. It's a unique one... 
Anyways
 VOTE 
 COMMENT
 BE A FAN 
 AND IF YOU WANT : SHARE 
 THANKYOU GUYS
 LOTS OF LOVE!
 ~PEACE TO ALL~Sally 
And as you can see this is my 3rd story!Hope you like it!!!
A/N:
Hey peeps!
This is my first book on wattpad so I can't guarantee it would be good, but feel free to vote and comment :)
XXX
Lucy Hale as Jenna HamiltonNick Bateman as Damon LockheartVanessa Hudgens as Kelsie HamiltonZendaya Coleman as Zoe WillowsCarey Mulligan as Lexie BrooksGregg Sulkin as Chase MurrayEmma Watson as Taylor MurrayRobbie Amell as Ian Hastings
Kylie's Pov 
Napasinghap ako ng bumukas na ang pinto. Matindi ang naging kapit ko sakaniya lalo na ng makita ko lahat ng imbitado para dito.
"In a few minutes, you're not mine anymore," sabi niya sa malungkot na tono.
Napatingin ako sakaniya. Ang gwapo pa din pagkatapos ng lahat ng pinagdaanan at nangyari pero ang nakaagaw ng pansin ko ay ang malungkot niyang mga mata.
"I will always be your baby," pinilit kong huwag lagyan ng lungkot at sakit ang boses ko, pero hindi ko napigilan.
Malungkot ako dahil mababago na ang buhay ko. At sakit dahil sa ibinibigay niyang ekspresyon saakin.
"I know. You will always be. No one can ever change that. But the time had came. You will now start a new chapter of your book,"
Tumulo ang luha ko ng sabihin niya iyon saakin. Hindi ko na mapigilan.
"Daddy, thank you. Thank you so much and I'm sorry. Sorry sa mga nagawa ko noon--" pinutol niya ako.
"Kylie, anak, nakaraan na 'yun. Masakit man but it's all worth it right? Lahat ng sakit na natanggap ko noon, kasiyahan naman ang katumbas. Hindi ako nagsising naranasan ko iyon. Pero nagsisi ako sa ginawa ko sa Mommy mo."
Si Mommy. Siguro kung nandito siya ay masaya siya ngayon para saakin. Pero alam ko, masaya pa din siya kahit wala siya dito. Alam kong nakatingin siya saakin mula sa itaas.
"I know Mom had forgiven you already, Dad." sabi ko sakaniya.
Nginitian niya ako. "I love your Mom so much, Kylie. Just the way how I love you and Vanessa." tinitigan niya ako. "Wipe your tears, anak. Ikaw lang ang may kayang pumunas niyan."
Natawa ako sa sinabi niya saakin dahil nga naka-veil ako ay hindi niya kayang punasan ang luha ko kaya ako na ang gumawa nun.
"We're consuming too much time. Your husband is already waiting for you." 
Napatingin ako sa harap. Pinasadahan ko ng tingin ang buong simbahan. Napaka-enggrande ng kasal ko.
Nakita ko ang mga bisita. Ang mga kamag anak ko sa Santiago, sa Dela Vega, sa Natividad, ang barkada, ang mga naging kaibigan ko noong college, ang mga katrabaho ko, ang pamilya ni Blake. At napako ang tingin ko sa lalaking naka-tuxedo sa dulo.
Nagsimula kaming maglakad ni Daddy. Kasabay nun ay ang pagkanta ni Blake. Madaming flash ng camera kada lakad namin.
"Oh, her eyes, her eyesMake the stars look like they're not shinin'Her hair, her hairFalls perfectly without her tryingShe's so beautifulAnd I tell her everydayYeah..."
Nagsisimula nanamang tumulo ang mga luha ko. Hindi ko alam kung ilang beses ko bang dapat sabihin na masaya ako. I am beyond happy.
"I know, I knowWhen I compliment her she won't believe meAnd it's so, it's soSad to think that she don't see what I seeBut every time she asks me, "Do I look okay?"I say,"
Wala sa beat ang paglakad ko. Gusto kong matawa sa lyrics pero masyado ako nao-okyupa ng mukha ni Blake. I can see it. Nakikita ko sa mga mata niya ang mga tubig na namumuo.
"When I see your faceThere's not a thing that I would change'Cause you're amazing Just the way you are And when you smileThe whole world stops and stares for a while'Cause, girl, you're amazing Just the way you areYeah..."
Pinunasan ko ang luhang tumutulo sa pisngi ko. Hindi ko talaga mapigilan!
"Her lips, her lipsI could kiss them all day if she'd let meHer laugh, her laughShe hates but I think it's so sexyShe's so beautifulAnd I tell her everyday..." nagc-crack na ang boses niya.
{Katherine} 
I need some time just deliver the things that I need for nowEverything that I feel's like a warm deep calm casting over me. 
I roll out of my bed as my alarm blares out stay by Mayday Parade.  I unplug my phone from the alarm. 
Slowly dragging myself to the bathroom, probably looking like some type of zombie.
I grimace as I see my reflection in the mirror as I stop in front of it.  I huff out a breath as I turn on the shower water.  I plug my phone into my speaker letting the music play.
Slowly pulling off my bright pink bunny pajamas and slipping out of my matching bunny slippers.  Pushing them in the corner of the bathroom to avoid them getting wet. 
I let my hair fall out of the pony, the soft natural curls falling down my back. 
I step in the shower letting the water relax my body.  I listen to Mayday Parade echoing through the bathroom feeling at peace. 
I dump the shampoo on my hand and massage it through my hair, rinsing it out and then doing the same with my conditioner.  
I pour my vanilla scented body wash on the scrub thing and slowly massage it all over my body, getting rid of the yucky odors that I know are there. 
I sit in the shower for a couple more minutes enjoying the warm water before I decide to get out. 
As I slowly pull the towel around me, shutting off the water I step out of the shower. The coldness of my bathroom making me shudder. 
I walk into my room, opening the door to my closet so I can pick out the outfit that I wanted to wear today. 
I decided on a pair of black leggings, a red and black flannel and my black twenty one pilot shirt underneath.  
Slowly pulling them on, I go back to the bathroom so I can finish getting ready. I pull the brush through my hair as the straightener heats up.   
I cringe every time I painfully rip the brush through my hair.  Finally its all brushes and dry enough to straighten.  
Ten minutes later my hair is straightened and I only burned my finger once. 
I start on my makeup.. I put mascara on my eye lashes and I'm finished with my makeup.  I can't stand when I can actually feel the makeup on my face. 
I unplug everything and pull on my super fuzzy white socks and my black uggs with bows on the back.  I put my glasses on knowing I dont want to mess with my contacts today.
I run down the stairs, when I realize that my homework is on my desk.. Slowly climbing the stairs (I have a habit of falling up the stairs instead of down them) grabbing my homework I shove them in my bag.  
I grab an apple off the counters and my keys to my beautiful red mustang. 
   "Bye" I call through the empty house..
"Oh wait I forgot they are never home. To busy with work to take care of their only child."  I say sarcastically. 
I hop in my car and speed off to school, feeling the anger course through me.. 
For once, why can't they be home? Why can't they just be there and prove that they love me like they say they do when they call in every two months... 
I pull into my parking space and hop out of the car.. Slinging my bag over my shoulder. 
I don't see my group of friends anywhere.. I sigh walking into the building just as the bell rings. 
Pushing my way through the crowd to get to my class on time, I bump into something hard.. Well more like they bumped into me. 
 I grimace as I hit the ground hard, looking up I see a boy smirking down at me.
 A boy I soon recognize as the schools bad boy..
 "Watch where you are going!" He snaps.
 "I did but obviously you didn't!" I snap back.
 "Do you know who I am?" He asks, raising his eyebrow. 
 "Yeah, the schools hoe."  I say smirking.
 I feel myself be lifted off the ground, I feel my back being slammed into the locker.
 "I'm not a hoe. I'm a bad boy"
 "The one who thinks they can steal any girls heart" 
 "I don't think, I know"    "Wanna bet?" I ask growing more angry.
 "Sure lets play a game" he smirks.
I feel his breath fanning my face, the smell of his mint gum and his aftershave clouding my thoughts..
I feel myself nodding, agreeing to what he is saying.. 
He smirks letting me go.  
    "I'll explain the details later.." He says walking away.. 
Oh boy, what did I just get myself into? 
A/N: 
I know this chapter was kind of boring but it will get more interesting.. I kind of just had to let you know what this character is about and stuff.. Kind of letting you get to know her.. All of the stories are kind of boring in the beginning just keep reading.. It gets better, I promise.  
Okay well byee.  See ya next time.. 
Vote, comment, share.. 


Their Game (second book of His Game)
Carver has now made Dakota his wife and everyday is a new game for her. She knows that when Seth deems her fit enough her nightmare will begin all over again. But that’s not what matters it’s her daughters Destiny and Desire and she’ll go to any length to keep them safe.
Just when Dakota thought that there could be no more secrets and no more lies she finds out the greatest secret of all...the one that puts her life and her daughter’s lives in danger!
Now Dakota will have to fight to prove to everyone that she belongs here and if she can’t convince them she’s as good as dead.
Carver is now becoming more distant and Seth is becoming bolder. What will happen when Carver is no longer in control of her fate but someone else is? 
What will happen when they push Dakota to her limits and over the edge? 
I stood up off of my bed and stretched my hands high above my head, my spine clicked loudly and a moan of discomfort escaped my mouth as my muscles were stiff and aching from laying on my bed in front of my laptop. I had spent the entirety of the evening finishing an essay on tsunamis for geography, which was due in tomorrow.
My mind was swimming with images of death and destruction from the photos and articles I had seen, and as a result of that I was now feeling rather deflated.
As I padded across my room to the upstairs landing my stomach let out an almighty growl in protest of what little food I had consumed that day. I stumbled down the stairs, clinging to the banister, feeling almost nauseous with hunger; I walked along the hallway past the living room and heard raised voices and loud bangs - I thought nothing of this as my brother often spent his evenings gaming on one of his many consoles. I continued out to the kitchen and shivered as I first stepped onto the cold floor tiles. I hugged myself for warmth.
Our kitchen was one of the largest rooms in the house as it had been knocked through to the dining room giving it a very spacious feel. The kitchen itself was lined along three walls with counters, overhead cupboards and other electrical appliances. The room was relatively modern with its charcoal grey floor tiles and pristine white counters and cupboards, I always thought this was a rather harsh room though that would benefit from an injection of colour to soften its coldness.
I placed a mug from the overhead cupboard to my immediate left onto the worktop beneath and deposited a tea bag in it, I then opened the fridge and stood on the very tips of my toes to reach for the milk on the top shelf. I stretched my arm as far as it would go and hooked my wrist so I could reach the back of the shelf however all my efforts were in vain as my 5ft3 frame hindered me once again.
I heard a soft chuckle and turned around to see my older brother Dan smirking at me whilst leaning against the doorframe into our kitchen. Dan was eighteen, two years older than me, and in his last year at school; he's tall and athletically built, he has short hair the same dark brown colour as mine, his skin is pale and in the dim light almost glowing; his deep brown eyes the colour of chocolate, that mirror my own, were bright and dancing as he eyed the bottle of milk that sat inches from my fingertips.
"Need a hand there Fran?" He asked, a mischievous grin spreading wide across his face. He was clearly enjoying my struggle too much.
"No thanks, I've got this." I replied confidently. Even though we both knew I was not tall enough to reach I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing that I needed his help.  Whilst I loved my brother dearly, the last thing I wanted was to provide him with more ammunition for his banter which most often involved jibes about my height. I twisted myself around and continued to stretch upwards unsuccessfully. I felt a strong arm reach around my waist as Dan shifted me to the side with ease and handed me the milk. I stuck my tongue out at him and went about making a cup of tea.
"We have pizza by the way, there should be a slice of margarita left if you want it." Dan mentioned over his shoulder and he felt around for some cans of Pepsi on one of the lower shelves in the fridge. Appalled by his disregard for anyone else but himself I shook my head and inwardly cursed him.
"How on earth can you eat almost an entire pizza to yourself?" I yelled angrily, annoyed that I was left with only one slice.
"Whoa calm down!" He held his hands up with a mock look of terror on his face, "I didn't." He exclaimed "The lads are just over, so you're lucky there's actually any left." I had heard the sounds of explosions and gunfire from the living room on my way towards the kitchen, undoubtedly from the Xbox, but I assumed Dan was alone. I must say I was pretty amazed that a group of teenage boys could be so quiet that I hadn't realised that they were here.
I said I would be making another one!
I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS BOOK LIKE OH MY GOD
Mkay, it shall be started tomorrow if I have time, or when my mum goes to work, I'll come and get my laptop, or I can hurry up and publish this so I can write one chapter.
Yeah, that's what I'll do.
"Yes Jess I'll be over right after" I said to my crazy best friend over the phone.
"Seriously Mia, you promised you'd come shopping with me today" Jess whined.
"And I am, right after I meet up with Adam" I told her.
"Mia If you stand me up for Adam, I will never talk to you again!" She yelled through the phone and hung up on me.
Ugh! That girl can be a handful sometimes. I would never stand her up for a guy. She's my best friend, well more like a sister. We grew up together. I wouldn't trade her for the world.
I was on my way to the park to meet up with Adam. He asked me to meet him here. He said it was important. I think he wants to talk about our anniversary since it's only a few days away. I'm really excited! We're gonna make 3 years, can you believe that?!
Once I got to the park I saw him sitting on a bench with his friend. I think his name is Dean. I don't know much about him. I've seen him around and from what I've heard, he doesn't talk much. I've also heard that his fists are pretty lethal, meaning he's a really good fighter.. I guess he has that bad boy reputation or whatever. Probably just another guy who thinks he's tough..
I walked over to Adam smiling."Hey sweetie" I leaned in to kiss him.
To say that I was shocked when he avoided my kiss would be an understatement. I looked at his face and he looked kind of annoyed and didn't look happy to see me.
Something's wrong..
"I'll be over there" Dean said as he walked away taking off his shirt.
He dropped to the ground and started doing push-ups and other exercises. I turned my attention back to Adam who wasn't looking too happy.
"Adam, what's wrong?" I asked worried.
He didn't say anything he just stared at his shoes.
"Adam" I said a little louder.
He looked up at me with nervous eyes and sighed. "Mia, sit down" 
"Okay" I sat down next to him. "What's up?"
"Well... Look I'm just gonna come right out and say it" Now he's definitely making me nervous.
"Okay, then say it" I pushed.
"I think we should see other people" He finally said, but that was not at all what I thought he was going to say.
"What? Your joking..." 
"I'm sorry Mia, but I'm seeing someone else" He couldn't even look at me as he spoke.
"Are you serious!? Who?" I shouted. "And if you say that little bitch that your sister calls her best friend, I swear to God!" 
He didn't say anything, he just scratched the back of his head so I took that as I was right. I was about to yell at him when I realized something.
"Wait.. so how long have you been seeing her?"
"7 months" he mumbled under his breath but I heard him perfectly.
"7 months?! Are you fucking kidding me Adam?! 7 months?!" I shouted and slapped him across the face.
Adam stood up fast and roughly grabbed me by my shoulders.
"Don't fucking hit me Mia! I'm not playing with you!" He yelled in my face as he shook me a few times.
I wiggled out of his grip and punched him right in the face. My hand hurt like hell but I ignored it. When he fell to the ground I took the opportunity to kick his ass some more, so I got on top of him and started to punch and slap him as much as I could.
En la mañana me levanté por la tonta alarma me puse un short negro ,una blusa azul y mis vans blancos ,baje a desayunar y mi mama me dijo M:Juliet le puedes hablar a Mario y a Jan J;si a mamá Subí al cuarto de Jan y le dije J:Jan ya levántate J:voy Después fui al cuarto de Mario J:Mario ya levántate M:no quiero J:ya Mario se nos va a hacer tarde Me acerqué y jale a Mario del brazo lo que causó que cayera encima de Mario J:lo siento adiós Salí corriendo del cuarto de Mario porque el me gustaba después de un rato Jan y Mario bajaron a desayunar 

I DO NOT TOLERATE NEGATIVE COMMENTS! You may vent over characters and whatever else in the book, but the nitpicking and complaints on the way things are written, WILL BE DELETED!
1.) I was 14-years-old when I wrote this, there for there's a lot of spelling mistakes, many inaccurate statements, etc.
2.) I am rewriting this story, so there may be missing characters or small plot changes. ANY COMPLAINTS ABOUT PLOT CHANGES AND MISSING CHARACTERS WILL BE DELETED.
3.) Do not nitpick at anything. For once, accept someone's work as it is. It really isn't that hard.
4.) If you have a problem with any of the warnings above, I suggest you stop reading at this point.
Thank you, and have a blessed day. (:
Hellooooo Everybodyyyyy.... and welcome to Hay's not-so-wonderful world of imagination.
✰ I am an amateur writer so please don't give me too much hate
✰ If you are going to hate on me, please direct the hate to the characters
✰ I would appreciate constructive criticism, votes and comments
✰ THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE OPPORTUNITY TO READ THIS
~Rhea's POV~
My alarm clock goes off. I groan then turn to face my clock. 8:20 am.
What?! School starts in ten minutes. I run to the shower and take the shortest shower I have ever taken. I dry myself off then sprint to my walk in wardrobe. From all the clothes I choose really baggy jeans, a red plaid shirt and a big black jacket.
I know its not the most appealing outfit but I tend to not get noticed by wearing non appealing clothing. I grab my phone and swing my bag onto my shoulder then head to the door. I pass by my butler Harrison. "Miss you forgot your glasses." I run back to my room and grab my thick rimmed glasses.
I drive to school but park in a parking lot a short way away from school so no one can see me get out of my lamborghini.
I run to school and push through the big doors. I spot my only friend Jessica and make my way to her. "Hey Rhea." "Hey Jess."
We make our way to our first class, advanced maths. I am ranked first in the school.
Let me introduce myself.
My name is Rhea Lyon and I'm in year 11. I'm the only heir to the largest chain of high class schools and hotels. Lyon Corporation. I am also the heir to the most successful range of fashion. Lyon Industries. Yeah I know everyone expects a beautiful super model to be the heir to businesses like that but what can I say, I care about science and maths not fashion.
When its first break I walk to my locker and shove my maths textbook in and exchange it for my chemistry one. I find Jessica a few metres away talking to her boyfriend. She may be nerdy but she definitely doesn't show it. "Hey Jess." "Heyyyy, cmon lets head to the caffeteria." We walk to the lunch hall when unfortunately Katie Mason stops us. "Hey nerd, you look thirsty let me help you." She says with a smile.
Before I know she poors her bottle of orange juice down my shirt. "Aww, now you look cold, here." Then she splats her pasta on my head leaving me burning there. She walk away with her slutty followers trailing behind her. I hear snickers and laughs erupting from the hallway around me. I run to the girls bathroom tears spilling down my face.
Jessica sighs and helps me change. Fortunately she always has a spare change of clothes. After I clean up I skip lunch and then have a free period. I spend it in the library. I study for my upcoming elements test that I have next. I concentrate on the book in front of me trying to obtain every part of information. When the bell rings I jump and shriek.
I make my way to my chemistry class and take seat in the second row. Mrs Freeman hands out the test papers. As soon as I get mine I start it. I finish it within 15 minutes and set me pencil down. I hand my paper to Mrs Freeman and she marks it. She smiles then shows me my score. A smile creeps onto my face. It says 100%. I exit the class and instead of going to the library I go outside to the football fields. I see my brother playing there. He's the captain and also one if the most popular guys at school. Only Jessica knows that I'm his sister. To everyone else I'm the invisible nerd and he's the popular jock.
I watch him score most of the tries. No one expects it but I'm actually pretty athletic. I'm awesome at basketball, volleyball, gymnastics, swimming, soccer and I am also extremely fast.
When the bell rings I head back to class. My last class is Advanced English.
Fortunately the class goes by in a blur.
My parents are coming home from a business trip tonight so I leave as fast as I can. Even though they are the richest people alive they still are always able to make time for me. I run to my car and start my journey home.
Best Friend is Possessive
COPYRIGHTED © 2013 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. I (Chloesweetheart) own all rights to "Best Friend is Possessive", this includes prologues, epilogues, and chapters. Any unauthorized distribution, coping, manipulation, broad casting, or selling of the authors works constitutes as an infringement of copyright and is punishable by law.
Title is subject to change. 
This is rated PG-13. 
Curse words Heated scenesLove
You have been warned.
************************************************************************************************************************
Hey everyone!! So this is my new story. Also I will say this this is NOT a werewolf story like my others :) it's just romance and drama.
Please
Comment
Vote
Fan
Follow
And read!!
*****************************************
Prologue
"Kat, it's time to get up." Johnny's voice rang through my dreams.
"Mmmhmmm" I mumbled.
"Come on Kat. We only have a week before school starts." He said softly while rubbing my arm.
"Hmmm." I groaned back. I mean come on its early and Saturday I want to sleep.
"You know I will make you get up." He said in a playful threatening tone.
"No. Sleepy time." I mumble back.
"Okay do I have to do it?" He waited and I didn't respond. I was beginning to drift back to sleep. "5...4...3...2...1" he counted down.
"0" then he ripped off my blankets and picked me up and slung me over his shoulder.
I woke up really fast. My eyes went wide. I'm only wearing a tank top and short shorts. The type of short shorts that you aren't allowed to wear in school because they're "too exposing" or "too distracting". Many girls would freeze up on contact if their best guy friend saw them in this disposal.We are so close that I'm use to being in my underwear with him.
"Johnny put me down!" I screeched. I started pounding on his muscular back.
"Nope" he said obviously smiling. Then he smacked my butt. I inhaled sharply. I wasn't surprised that he did that considering that he's been doing that for the longest time. He says it is a way to make us closer. 
Pfff yay right!
"Let me go!!" I screamed. I pounded on his back again. It had no effect.
"Nah I have a better view here," he said patting my butt again.
"Put me down!" I exclaimed. Then I slapped his butt. He stiffened. Ha serves him right! Give him a dose of his own medicine. 
He continued to walk through my huge house. I gave up on trying to get him to let me go. Then I looked down at my arms and screamed.
There all over my arms was writing! He wrote on me in my sleep! The writing was everywhere! He wrote stupid things like 'Johnny's #1' 'Johnny's the best''Kat loves Johnny!''Johnny's the bomb'
"You wrote on me!!!" I screamed. I mean I guess I get this considering I pranked him last week which involved a freezing cold pool and no latter. He got out, it took him 20 minutes, but he still got out. No harm no foul, right? Ya I guess this is pay back but I'm gonna get him again.
Ariana Brown was just your average girl. She got all A's in all her classes and never missed a day of school. 17 years old and already has her life set out for her. Her father, Rakim was self paid and she could drown in cash if thats what she wanted, but it wasn't. She just wanted a plain life with her stay at home mother and her 18 year old brother Raji.
Andre Johnson on the other hand is 18 and all about the thug lifestyle. He doesn't have or show mercy because that's what makes you weak. He wasn't the type to mess around with a chick who would give him any type of disease whatsoever, but when he spots a shy, and innocent young girl he couldn't help but to wonder.
All ideas, names, and themes of this story are copyrighted material, so think twice! 
Please do not get too offended by the first few chapters of this book. I, as the author, do not believe the emo stereotypes that are given by these chapters. Every group of people, whether you are emo, a prep, or a nerd, has certain stereotypes to them. But that does not mean they are necessarily true, no matter what anyone says. This story looks into that, so keep reading if you may. 
(Had to write this due to the large amount of negative comments at the end of the chapter. But the same people who make those comments are the same people who end up loving this story. So give it a shot if you want)

I Kissed Her Scars
Chapter 1
"Hah," scoffed my best friend Rylan, "Look, it's emo Emma." 
I giggled along with him. There she was, as usual. Alone, listening to some weird screamo music. 
I don't know how she or anyone can listen to that stuff. It's just some emo singer who screams and whines about their life stories. And you can't even understand what they're saying from all their screaming for goodness sakes. 
Her arms were full of cuts. Every where on her body was full of cuts. Wasn't she ever bothered by exposing her arms with those disgusting cuts??? 
A lunch she just sat there. She never ate. It's like it's been ages since she's ever ate anything. She was twig skinny. But it never seemed to bother her and she never seemed to go hungry if she didn't eat.
She also did drugs like smoking weed and stuff like that. What a freak. 
"Hey Connor," said Alice, disturbing my thoughts. She was a girl who moved her at the beginning of the school year, and we kinda had a thing with each other. 
"Oh hey Alice," I said in a flirty way. 
"Whoa whoa guys," said Rylan, "Keep it PG." 
"Yea," I said to Alice, "There's kids around... Aka Rylan."
"Haha, very funny," he replied. 
"C'mon guys," said Alice, "Let's sit down and eat." 
We sat at our usual table, the 'cool kid table,' as everyone called it. 
Alice was staring at someone, with a disgusting look on her face. 
"What's up Alice?" I asked her. 
"Definitely not her," she said, pointing to Emma with a disgusted look on her face, "What a downer."
"Don't look at her, and everything will be fine." 
"Ugh. She's disgusting. I don't understand why somebody would let themselves go like that and cut themselves. Why would anyone cut themselves??? As if she wasn't ugly enough." 
"Now now Alice," I said to her, "Calling people ugly isn't nice."
"Yea, and neither is her presence in this room." 
"So... You ready for after school?" asked Rylan. 
"Oh yea," I said. 
"What are you guys doing after school?" asked Alice. 
"We're gonna spray paint 'Mr. Miller eats pants' on the side of the school."
"... How mature..."
"C'mon Alice," I said, stretching my arms out to hug her, "You know you love me." 
"And I have no idea why," she said, hugging me back. 
We went to class and let me just say... When you're waiting to play a prank on the principal, classes go by even slower than they usually do. 
The final bell finally went... After what seemed like ages. 
I immediately ran outside the school, waiting for everyone to leave. After everyone did, Rylan got the spray paint out. 
"You ready to do this?" he asked. 
"Let's do this." 
"Okay... Now... You write and I keep guard."
"Uhm no.... You write and I keep guard."
"No, you write and I keep guard."
"No, you."
"You??? As in you want ME to keep guard?? You know... If you insist." 
"Ugh. Fine. I will write it." 
I started writing. 
I wrote the name 'Mr. Miller' until Rylan quickly ran away. 
I had no idea why he ran, I just stood there clueless. So I continued writing... Until a deep heavy voice spoke behind me. 
"Mr. Miller eats what??? Mr. Sanders, I suggest you not finish that sentence."
"Oh... Hey Mr. Miller..." I said innocently. 
"Come with me, Me. Sanders."
"You know Mr. Miller," I said as I was walking with him, "I think that we have gotten so close after these detentions that we should be on a first name basis, you think so?"
"Hmm... How about a year from never, Mr. Sanders?"
"Worth a shot."
He brought me into the detention room. With no one there except... Emo Emma. 
"Now, you will be here with Emma doing something useful with your time." 
I groaned and sat down at a random desk, about 4 desks away from her. 
"I will be back soon," said Mr. Miller. 
Things got real awkward. We weren't aloud phones or electronic devices in detention so Emma was just sitting there without her music put to full blast. 
Should I talk to her??? We were here for an hour... 
"So," I said, "Whatcha here in detention for?"
"Stuff," she said coldly without even looking up at me. 
"And that would be..." 
"Stuff."
"Wow," I mouthed, not sure if she saw that or not. 
This was gonna be a long detention. 
~~~~ 
Vote and comment please!!!
Sorry if anything said in this story comes out as offensive. But I would appreciate if you kept reading because it is a story to help people realize what 'emo' people actually go through despite what people say about them.
“Apa, please!” I heard Bradley beg.He was talking to one of our fathers, Connor. We called him apa, which was Hungarian for dad. We had absolutely no ties to Hungary, but I came across it one time when I was seven and Bradley was six, and we had just started using it on a regular basis. It helped us to differentiate between which parent we were talking to.“Caise doesn’t even want to go to America!” Bradley continued.I fixed my eyes angrily on my ceiling. I set my jaw and barely held myself back from screaming in annoyance. I didn’t know why they had to do this outside of my bedroom. The basement was mine, there was no need for them to be down here.“Bradley, how many times do we have to tell you? The answer is no.”“Dad!” Bradley yelled.I heard steps walking overhead. Next I heard someone coming down the stairs. “What’s going on now?” I heard my dad ask my apa.“Oliver,” apa said, sounding really annoyed. “Please tell Bradley one more time that he’s not going to America.”My dad groaned, immediately getting just as irritated. The last two weeks, since they had made the decision, all my parents seemed to get were countless complaints. I was always picking fights because they wanted to send me to America for five months. Bradley was whining because they wouldn’t let him go with--or instead of--me.“Bradley,” dad said. “You are not allowed to go. That’s all there is to it. I don’t want to hear another word about it.”“But dad! It’s not fair that Caise gets to go when he doesn’t even want to. Apa, let me go with him!”I felt my resolve break. “You’re acting like a damn child, Bradley!” I yelled while still laying in my bed.“Shut up,” he yelled at me through the door. “You can’t even talk. You’re getting the chance of a lifetime and you’re acting like a dick about it!”“Bradley!” apa scolded. “You’re not going and that’s final. So quit with the attitude, we get enough of that from your brother.”“But it’s boring here in New Zealand!”“Keep it up and you’ll be stuck here in boring New Zealand and grounded!” apa said, warningly.Bradley just swore and complained as he finally retreated up the stairs. I swear sometimes he seemed a lot younger than almost seventeen. That was probably due to the fact that he was always throwing fits like a spoiled brat. The kid seriously got on my nerves quite often.“Great now he’s pissed off too,” dad said. A second later there was a fist hitting my door. “And if you’re not packed by Thursday night, Caise, so help me God.”“Fuck off!” I yelled.I knew my dad was going to be angry as hell when I said that. But I honestly didn’t care at all. A few months back I’d installed a new knob on my bedroom door by myself, without their permission. It locked and everything. Obviously I hadn’t given either of my parents a key. I didn’t want them anywhere near my stuff. And I didn’t want them coming in to talk to me when I just wanted to lock myself in there.Naturally my dad started yelling at me because of what I said to him. I just laughed and ignored him as apa wrangled him up and carted him off up the stairs. I could still hear him grumbling as they went, too.Honestly, what did they expect from me, though? I was an asshole. A problem child who always got in trouble at school. I’d been suspended six times since I was fourteen. I couldn’t help it. I seriously hated people and I was pretty temperamental. So given that I already had an obvious attitude problem, they tell me that they’re shipping me off to another country on the other side of the damn planet. Of course I wasn’t going to be happy about it. I’d have to leave the only person I liked in the slightest--my best mate, Eryn.Ever since my parents’ closest mates--Tony and Alyson--got into that car accident six months ago, everything had changed. Their car had been hit by a huge truck, killing Alyson on impact. Tony, on the other hand, had gone into a coma before dying a couple days later. The worst part of it all wasn’t even that people who were really close to us had died. What made it so bad was that they’d left behind two amazing children.Sacha and Ariel were the most innocent girls I had ever met. Even me, the most heartless guy in the world, felt awful when I heard about what had happened. It didn’t seem fair that those girls lost their parents. It wasn’t fair that things like that could happen to one of the best families I had ever known.With their parents tragically gone, and having no other family whatsoever, my parents had taken them in, being their godparents and all. That was all super fine and just dandy with me. I actually had taken a liking to the girls over the years. Sacha had just turned fourteen a week before the accident and last month Ariel had turned eleven. I thought they were the most precious things in existence. They even made me smile every once in a while.The only downside to having them live with us was that my parents now had four kids to take care of. Plus our dogs, Crow and Garner. So they had their hands full of responsibility. Then you add in the fact that I was a total screw up with a sour personality, it pushed them over the edge.And that’s why they decided to make me go visit my uncles Marck, Kristian, and Scott, and my aunt Vanessa. Sure, I liked them all just fine. They’d never done anything to me, and even though they aren’t actually related to me, I’ve always thought of them as family. The only problem was that the last time they visited, I was only thirteen. A lot had changed in the last four--almost five--years. I definitely wasn’t the same person. I was worse now. And I’ve hardly talked to any of my relatives that lived in America.So then three months ago, my parents demanded a family meeting. We all sat around the kitchen table, willingly (everyone else) and also not willingly (just me). Apa had started all mushy and nice, but then my dad had piped in and got straight to the point. They explained how difficult it was to take care of everything now that we had two more family members.Basically, they were making me move out there to do five months of school. It was stupid because it cut into my 12th year of Secondary school. It was getting close to the end of August here now and I had been forced to get my exams taken care of and all that within the last few months. The administration thought it was weird but they helped my parents make the arrangements anyway.They said that if I went to school in America from the end of August to the beginning of January it would work out. I could make up anything I needed when I got back in January and I could start my last year of Secondary school in February with minimal hiccups.Naturally, hearing that hadn’t gone over very well. We fought loudly and viciously. Bradley had even gotten into the argument because he had been dying to leave New Zealand for ages now. My parents told me that they were sick of my attitude and my outbursts. They said they couldn’t handle much more of it and that apparently it would do me a lot of good and teach me a lot if I went overseas. That had just pissed me off even more.I stared up at my ceiling once again. I couldn’t stop thinking about how badly I didn’t want to leave. I just wanted to stay here and get into trouble with Eryn and take Crow and Garner to the beach for hours at night. I was going to miss everything. California was going to be nothing like my life here. I didn’t want to make that kind of change. I liked being on my own and if I went away, it wouldn’t be the same.I sighed and rolled onto my side in bed. I reached for the television remote and paused as my eyes fixed on the suitcases and boxes across the room. I didn’t really need to pack that much. Just plenty of clothes. And stuff like my laptop, some books, and other electronics I used a lot. Apa said that they’d ship me more of my clothes after I got there. That’s why I needed to pack up the boxes. Because a decent wardrobe for five months wasn’t going to fit in two suitcases and a carry-on.It was only Tuesday and my flight left on Friday. I was already packed completely. I liked to be prepared for things, and I had gotten bored the last couple days, so I just started going through my stuff. Of course, if either of my parents--especially my dad--asked if I was packed yet, I would give them a hardy, and sarcastic, no. I just loved to be a pain in the ass. And I didn’t want to make my departure easy on them because I really, really didn’t want to leave in the first place.I snatched up the remote and laid back in bed. Once I’d flipped the television on, I let the sound fill the room as background noise.I was technically supposed to be in school right now. But once I’d finished the arrangements for America, my school dismissed me a couple days ago. Eryn was still going, though, so that made my days super long and boring. Even Bradley and the girls were still in school. It was like my parents just wanted to torture me as much as they could.My phone vibrated in my pocket. I shifted my weight and dug it out. I knew who it was going to be before I even checked the message. Eryn was my only friend. Literally no one else in my class would talk to me because I was such a jerk. Only people who were Bradley’s age--mostly girls--would try to talk to me. But I wasn’t interested in them. I wasn’t interested in anybody who didn’t leave me the hell alone. Except for Eryn. He was my best mate and always would be.Bro, able to sneak out tonight?I checked the time on my phone. It was only after eleven. My parents were probably making sure that Ariel was getting to bed. Bradley and Sacha would probably stay awake for another hour watching television. More than likely my parents would be in bed before then.Yeah, let’s give it another half hour, I typed back.Sweet as, I’m so bored man.I know, it’s like prison here. I need out.I waited a minute before getting a response.Haha I know exactly what you mean.Eryn’s parents were a lot more strict than mine were. Sure, you didn’t see him being shipped away to other countries, but that was only because they didn’t have relatives that didn’t live in Oamaru. I’m sure if they had the option, they’d send Eryn away. He was about as bad as I was when it came to suspension and causing trouble.My parents should be asleep soon, I’ll meet you at the bottom of the hill in ten mins, I sent.Bringing Crow?I thought about it for a minute. Crow was almost as old as I was. He got tuckered out easily these days. And since I was planning on bringing him to the beach with us on Thursday night, I should probably leave him behind tonight. Garner was young, though. Only a year old, basically still a puppy. He was the same breed as Crow, blue chow. And his personality was pretty much the canine version of mine. We got along great.Nah, bro, but I know Garner will probably tag along.Alright, see you in ten.
-Мне кажется, он накаченный, красивый и милый..-пропел голос в телефоне.
-Лиза, он приезжал к нам 6 лет назад, полненький, в очечках и заикался.-я закатила глаза.
-Ну Поль, 6 лет прошло. В любом случае, будет веселее.-пролепетала подруга.
-Надеюсь..-я тяжело вздохнула. 
-И где твой оптимизм?-в жопе он.
-Да все в порядке, ты как, когда приедешь?-я сменила тему.
-Я через 3 дня, соскучилась?-мурлыкала Лиза.
-Очень..-вздохнула я.
-Подарков тебе накупила..ой, Поля, трубка пикает, деньги кончаются. Все, люблю, целую, обнимаю и убиваю тебя заодно.-она рассмеялась и отключилась.
Ну здравствуйте, как вы поняли, я-Полина, только прошу вас, обращайтесь ко мне просто, Поля.
Сейчас я еду в лифте, поэтому ловите мой лифтолук, хихи.
Ну, пожалуй, я начну. Я живу в Тюмени, мне 19 лет и я учусь в колледже. Назревает вопрос: А почему не в универе? Все просто, когда я закончила школу, между прочим на 4 и 5, прошу заметить, и сдала экзамены.. в университете, где я должна была учиться, набралась коммерческая группа и я просто вылетела из списков.
В это время я отдыхала с мамой и дядей Юрой в Таиланде, поэтому по приезду, я успела подать доки только в колледж, но знаете, я не жалею. Там очень весело и не все так строго..
Теперь о главном. Как вы успели догадаться, живу я с мамой и отчимом, Юрием Александровичем.
Росла я в обычной семье. Не бедствовали, но и не шиковали. Ну а что? Я не из тех расфуфыренных девочек-моделей, у меня мозги есть..
Честно, я не знаю кем он работает, но живем мы сейчас в двухэтажном доме и ездят они на джипе. Меня он любит, говорит чтобы ни в чем себе не отказывала, но я так не привыкла, поэтому ничего не прошу.
Ну, что же вам еще рассказать..ах да, у меня есть права. Он хотел купить мне на 20 лет машину, белую беху, но я отказалась, сославшись что хочу заработать на нее сама.
Дядя Юра очень добрый, каждое утро бегает. Меня даже пытался приучить, но я не могу вставать в 5 утра, я спать хочу.
В общем, не буду особо распинаться, живем так уже 7 лет, душа в душу.
Ой, самое главное забыла. У него есть сын, которому сейчаас..так 19+4, ему сейчас 23. Он живет и учится в Лондоне. Дядя Юра и меня туда хотел сослать, но я отказалась. Он то, в отличие от меня, мечтал там учиться, а я не, я тупая для Лондона.
У нас не как в красивых книжках про любовь, где я узнаю о его существовании за день до его приезда. Мы с Артемом знакомы, он приезжал к нам 6 лет назад, знакомиться с мамой. 
Был таким смешным, постоянно падал и разбивал очки..оох, и вот неделю назад, он закончил универ с красным дипломом и переезжает сюда. От чего я просто сияю от счастья, шучу.
Так, ну а Лиза?..Лиза моя лучшая подруга с первого класса. Она сейчас в Турции отдыхает, вот скоро приедет, я дико соскучилась.
Теперь вы все знаете, поэтому приступаем.
Сегодня был последний день моей практики. Поэтому я торжественно, под барабанскую дробь объявляю, что мои летние каникулы начались.
-Алло, Мам, ну я все, вы где?-я вышла на улицу, Господи, как жарко то, зачем я надела этот бомбер.
-Поля, мы тут по магазинам.-раздался мамин голос.
-Хорошо, я тогда на такси.-она быстро со мной попрощалась и я положила трубку.
Обшарив карманы, я вспомнила, что оставила деньги дома, во делааа. Насобирав мелочь, я пошла на остановку, попутно ругая этот день.
До дома я добралась через час. Но это не самое обидное, как только я зашла в дом, зашла и мама..
-Ты что, только приехала?-она оглядела мой уставший вид.
-Забыла деньги дома.-проныла я и уселась на тумбочку.
-Полик, привет.-домой забежал радостный дядя Юра, таская пакеты.
-Привет.-промычала я и поплелась на второй этаж.
Эта жара меня с ума свела, голова просто ватная, чего уж говорить о ногах. Я быстро скинула с себя мокрые вещи и пошла в душ. 
Объясню..их комната, гостиная, кухня и ванна с туалетом на первом этаже. Моя комната, ванна и комната Артема на втором. 
Знаете, очень удобно, ванна ближе ко мне, поэтому могу разгуливать там в полуголом виде и никто не увидит.
Приняв душ, я напялила темно-серые лосины и белую майку, на ноги обычные белые носки. И плюхнулась на кровать, спать хочу дико. 
Укрывшись пледом, я не заметила как уснула.
'LILY GET DOWN HERE NOW !' 
Urrhg great im in trouble, i bet the school as phoned her to tell her that im expelled.
'Why are you expelled, expelled what could you do that would make you expelled from school?' 
'Well i got into another fight, with this bitchy girl, she was winding me up so i gave it to her, i knocked her out' i laughed at my remark.
Mum said in a stern voice 'Well we are moving....to California'
'Wait, WHAT MOVING HALF WAY ACROSS THE WORLD, JUST BECAUSE I GOT EXPELLED, I MEAN WHAT THE F-'
'DONT YOU DARE DONT YOU ENEN THINK ABOUT USING THAT LANGUAGE ON ME MISSES, and we are not moving because of that we are moving because your Dad got a promotion' 
'Uuuh when do we leave'
'In two days, me and your dad have started to pack your stuff, but theres still alot to do so get up there and start packing'
I ran upstairs and walked into my room and shut the door, as i got changed into my high waisted shorts i realised that ive lost more weight, my size 8's dont fit me at all, i mean i knew i was sorta slim but i didnt know i was getting this skinny, so i decided to change into leggings and a crop top as i finished i grabbed all my long blonde hair and tied it into a messy bun and pulled some hair down. I grabbed my purse and phone and went down stairs. I told mum that i was going to go shopping as my clothes were getting to big. 
'You really need to start eating more, you eat less than a bird'
'I'll grab something to eat while im out' i lied to her.
****3 days later****
Im in California and my house is even bigger and and so is my room. I went shopping and their malls are huge and there are so many fit boys.Any way the school is about and hour away if you walk it and about a 10 - 20 minute drive. But since ,my parents go to work early and i dont have a car because im only sixteen so guess i'll be walking.
**The next day**
RIIINNNGGG , RRIINNNGG, RIIIIINNNG
Uhh i hate that alarm, i woke up and it was 6am, i moaned and got up and walked into my on suite and took the quickest shower ever, i got dressed into my light acid blue skinny's with a cute flower top i dried my hair and left i natural as i have this natural wavy/curly blonde hair , i grabbed my bag, purse and phone and left to go to school.
**30minutes of walking** 
My legs hurt so much i could see the school sraight ahead of me, so i decided to to run a little. I got to the gate and walk through the parking lot and into the building i walked down a few corridors and still couldnt find the reptionist, i started walking around, until someone knocked into me, and because im me, i fall to ground. 
As i got back up off the ground i felt a warm strong hand around my waist which pulled me up to my feet without struggle. I look up and see this boy with the most beautiful chocolate coloured brown eyes ever.
'You should watch where your going shorty' he said to me smirking
'Maybe you should take your own advise instead of advising others' i shot right back at him.
'Ooh sorry im not from England' he says back.
'Aww babe, you should be sorry' i gave an evil smirk and kicked him where is hurts, and with that i ran. 
I managed to find the reception and got my schedule, great maths maybe i should ditch....
Jade Evans, 16 years old still at school. Loves Doing dance and singing battles for the money too. Life going good for her, good grades, good home life and surrounded with her loving and caring friends and family. 
How would Jade feel when her life changes for good when her dad sells her to a gang leader Carter Jackson who leads the No.1 gang in the world. 
Will Jade try and run away? Will Carter hurt Jade if she does? Will Jade start falling deep for him and do anything for him? Will Carter start to love Jade and do anything to keep her safe?
Read to Find out!xox
Might be some weeks where I update slow or some weeks I update fast because school has started for me last week and I'm in my final year and got important exams coming up but I will try my hardest to update for you.
ENJOY!!!😝
I hate my life. Why could I be one of the toothpick chicks? My mom like to call me an early bloomer, but I know that it's a nice way to say I'm fat. I have crushes like every other teen, but the boys don't like me back. The ones that do like me, I don't want. Being the school nerd doesn't make it better. Ever since the ninth grade, people would be nice to me near finals to get homework and good grades. Things would've been easier if I was skinny. 
"Ms. Smith, I want you to tell me the symbolic message behind the death of the puppy in Of Mice and Men." Mr.Frederick always give me the hard questions. He thought he caught me off guard. I've read that book about six times.
"The death of the puppy symbolizes the death of the woman or the tart." He looked a me with surprised eyes. I smiled right at him. Since he's a first year teacher, he doesn't understand how some students are very smart and know the material, and don't give a damn. Some students are dumb and still don't give a damn.
"Thanks Ms.Smith." He said as he started to write in the board.
"That fat girl always get the right answers! She has to be fucking the teacher." A random boy in the back of the class whispered. 
"Hey, Mr.F, I didn't know you like big girls!" The most jerkiest jerk of the school. I am a nerd. I know that's not a word. His name is Rover, but everyone calls him Ro. He has be bullying me since the ninth grade. It was the day that he found out that I liked him.
**Flashback**"You are so huge! I'm surprised that they don't have to get a forklift to get you around school." Brittany, the bitch, said. She picks on everyone to make herself look good. But that doesn't hides the fact that she is the school whore and will fuck anybody that will get her up on the top of the food chain. 
"Why can you go hop on somebody's dick and leave me alone." I was done with this bullshit.
Brittany looked at me with a big simle."At least I get laid. I bet you still a virgin." She knew that. I'm not a whoe in training like her. "I bet you don't even have a boyfriend." She laughed.
The tears flowed onto my paper. I stood up and tried to walk out. I tripped over someone's foot and fell in front of everyone. 
"Well, lookie here, the fat bitch fell from walking. Let me help you." Brittany kicked my books across the class room. Where is the teacher? In the damn restroom."Oops! Sorry." She laughed.She grabbed my notebook and opened it."I may get some home work out of this." She flipped the pages until she landed on my most deepest secret.
"Ariel and Ro forever." She read in front of the whole class.**flashback ended**
Ever since that day, Ro despise me. He bully me everyday. Him and Brit the bitch are a couple now. They deserve each other.
Don't say that. You still like him. You think about him all the time.That's my conscious. She always comes out at the wrong time.I ignored my thoughts and finished my work.
The bell finally rung and I rushed to my locker. I was greeted by an angry Karen.
"What's wrong, Karen?" I laughed nervously.
"Cut the bullshit! I know what happened in first period." Yeah, she's pissed. I started to tear up, and she pulled me into a hug.
"I'm sorry. I don't know why you like him." She whispered.
"The saddest part is that I don't know either." I sighed.**My new book! I feel awesome about this one.
Hey guys! I have a new story!!!! I'm beyond excited to start writing it. This post is to clear up any confusion, and to give some backgrounds on the characters. I have not created a cast list yet, but if you have an idea as to who could/should play these characters based on these backgrounds, or from parts of the book, please feel free to message me!
First things first, this book idea's credit goes to admissable 😊 she had a book of ideas that she was nice enough to share with us all, so thank you for that! I'm not on my computer, so I will not be able to dedicate the story to you yet, but I will! 
Okay, now it's time for character bios!!
Riley Allister- Riley Allister is a 16 year old junior in high school. She's got beauty, a body, and the smarts.
Emmy Carter- Emmy Carter is a 17 year old junior in high school. She's on the cheerleading team, hoping to be captain her senior year. Her best friend is Riley.
Bryson Carter (Colton Haynes)- Bryson Carter is an 18 year old senior in high school. He's captain of the football team and parties frequently. His little sister is Emmy, whom he is very protective of, and he doesn't like her best friend, Riley. Bryson has a huge ego to go with his successful high school football career.
These are all the characters that I have planned out at the moment. When I think of more characters, probably after I start writing the story, I will add them here. Again, if you have an idea as to who could play these people, let me know!
Prologue
"Mum, please," I beg her.
"No Savannah, you can't go," she replies, sternly.
"But Mum, It's just a few friends. Not the whole school," I plead.
"Will Joe be there?" she sighs.
"Yes, he will and Sienna and Lissa."
"Okay, fine. But I'm driving you."
"Yay!" I exclaim and run to the car.
I close the door and sigh happily. Mum's letting me go to Philip's party. He's a freshman, just like me, but I don't think mum likes him much. That's where Joe comes in. Joe is my best friend and has been for- well since we were babies. He is older than me by four months and mum trusts him so much. It's crazy. Sometimes I think she trusts him more than me. Joe has been with me through everything and sometimes I wish we were more than best friends.
I look out the window as mum pulls out of the driveway. I hear her tapping on the steering wheel along to a song. I look over at her and smile. She notices me looking at her and smiles back.
"What?" she asks.
"Nothing. Just thanks mum."
"It's okay sweetie."
She smiles once again before turning her full attention on the road.
"Will there be alcohol?" Mum asks, after a minute or two of silence.
"No," I answer. Well there would probably be, but it's not like I'm going to drink it.
"Savannah," she warns, taking her eyes of the road for a second to look at me.
"What?" I ask innocently. "Okay fine, there will be, but I won't drink it. I promise. I'm way to young anyway."
"Okay sweetie."
"Thank you," I look back at the road to find a car driving up the same lane as us.
"Mum, watch out!" I scream.
The car hits us head on and we go spinning, smashing into a tree. I look over to the side and see mum unconscious.
"Mummy, please wake up," I sob.
"Mummy please."
Then I slowly black out.
*****************************************************************************************************************************************
Okay this is my new story, which will be officially starting to update on Tuesday the 11th of March.
What do you think of it? Like it so far?
Hope you all add this to your library. Enjoy!
xo
My back was against the wall. I was stuck, trapped where I stood. I looked around the room full of strangers, questioning which of them would let me by easily, the distracted, the sane, or the obviously territorial. I lowered the brim of my cap, hoping to blend into the preponderant crowd as I clung further against the wall.
              How I’d let my best friend drag me into the hectic situation was beyond me.
              I, Chloey Beckett, was not a fan of Tripp Rivers. Unlike the hundreds of girls around me, I wasn’t hoping for the chance to win the golden ticket to visit his luxurious mansion. I wasn’t interested in the raffle that was about to take place. I wasn’t wishing and praying for my name to be pulled from the large glass bowl that sat on the table on stage at the front of the room.
              We were all at the local assembly hall where the Win a Trip to Tripp contest was being held. Exactly a month ago Tripp Rivers had announced that he’d be having the contest for one lucky fan to come visit his mansion and tour it with him. Since Tripp was from our city of Akron, Ohio, he had the contest designed strictly for Akron, to give back in some way. He sent out 500 specially designed copies of his autobiography to local bookstores all over the city and nearest cities and Paige of course had gotten two copies.
              Now, thirty days later, I was stuck in a room full of anxious aficionados, all dying to see if they’d win. Only so many girls were allowed inside of the assembly hall, once in, they were able to purchase tickets, and then Tripp would eventually be up on stage, pulling the big ticket from the bowl and reading the name of some hopeful.
              I didn’t care about any of it, but being that I was a true and loyal best friend, I let Paige Masters drag me to the contest.
              Standing in a quiet corner, I observed the hectic scenery around me.
              Was the guy really worth this much attention and drama?
              Tripp Rivers was just your average ex-boy bander turned solo artist turned actor. Sure he had dashing good looks with his chiseled face, smoldering, intense gray eyes, the perfect pair of pouty lips, tousled brown hair that looked as though he were always running a hand through it, and lean physique, but that didn’t impress me. He was just another arrogant pop star out for an extended fifteen minutes of fame. And I was not interested in helping him succeed in his task.
              So I stayed in my safe haven of a corner, praying for the raffle to begin already before I fled from the hall.
              Escape, a pleasant thought that brought some momentary joy to me.
              But the thought was truly fleeting as I was still in a room full of girls—albeit some guys too—who would literally kill to win the chance to go to Tripp’s mansion.
              They were called ‘Trippers,’ Tripp’s fans, and they were all going bananas around me in impatient waiting for the show to begin. It was like some new and annoying twist on Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, if one were to ask me. Just about every little girl to every teen girl in the room was sporting a Tripp Rivers t-shirt, keychain, book bag, or hoodie. I opted for a simple t-shirt and jeans along with a jacket and hat to not cause attention to myself. There was a TV crew buzzing around and I did not want to get caught looking like a fan. I could just picture people I knew laughing at me if something like that were to get out. The thought made me shiver, I couldn’t let that happen.
              I watched as girl after girl went up on stage and offered their name and raffle ticket to the collector. Each girl looked extremely hopeful to be the lucky winner.
I slowly opened my eyes and winced at the pounding pain in my head. My mom hovered over me with a worried expression on her face.
"You're awake!" she exclaimed in relief. "Thank goodness, I was so worried!" 
"W-what happened?" I asked, feeling disoriented. I turned my head carefully so that my head wouldn't hurt as much and took a look around at my surroundings. I was in my own bedroom. Wasn't I at school earlier? I remember I woke up this morning feeling a bit lightheaded and going to school afterwards. Why was I here? I waited for my mom to give me an explanation.
"Abbie sweetie, you fainted at school," she sighed. "Why didn't you tell me that you weren't feeling well? If I knew, I wouldn't have let you go to school like that."
"I didn't think it was a big deal. I have a debate in history and a Physics test. I didn't want to miss it," I explained. "Don't worry Mom, I'm feeling much better now." I smiled at her to prove it, but it didn't make her feel better. Her eyes were still filled with worry. She held onto my hand and gave me a sad smile. I wouldn't know what to do if something happened to you.. with what's going on, you're the only one I have left...
"Mom, did you say something?" I asked, puzzled at what I was hearing. Her lips weren't moving but somehow, I could still hear her voice.
She shook her head. "I didn't say anything sweetie. Are you feeling sick somewhere? Should I bring you to see the doctor? Are you in pain?" Why is Abbie acting like this? It's scaring me...
"No Mom, it's not necessary for me to go see the doctor over a fever. In fact, I feel so much better than earlier. It's just that-" I was going to tell her what I heard when I decided not to. I was probably just hearing things because of the headache I was having. "-never mind."
"Are you sure?" she asked, wrinkles creasing at the edge of her eyes. She looked even more worried than before.
"Yes I'm sure," I tried to sound as assuring as possible. I glanced over at the clock on the nightstand beside me and saw that it was almost the end of 2nd period. "I should go back to school now. I think I'll be able to make it to 3rd period."
"Why don't you rest at home for the day?" my mom suggested. "Your fever just went down. Your body is not strong enough yet."
"I shouldn't miss anymore classes, Mom. I'll be fine." I got up from my bed and walked over to the mirror near my dresser and straightened out my wrinkled clothes. I had on a gray crew neck and ripped jeans. I quickly finger-combed my shoulder length, light brown hair before picking up my black backpack from the ground. "I'm going to go now, bye Mom!" I shouted as I went down the stairs and down the hall to the front door.
The high school was just a block away from my house. I got there in no more than 5 minutes. As I was walking down the empty hallway, toward my locker, the bell rang.
Students came pouring out of the classrooms, making the hallway crowded at once. I got pushed around in the crowd and struggled to move forward.
I finally reached my locker when someone called out me.  "Abbie!"
My best friend, Alice, came through the crowd and stopped in front of me. We've been friends ever since kindergarten. It's amazing how we're even friends since we have completely different tastes. For example, she was a total girly girl, always dressed in a skirt or dress with boots or flats while I was more like a tomboy. Today she was dressed in a pink halter top with a white skirt that barely passed our school dress code and flip flops.
"I heard you fainted in 0 period. Are you okay now?" she asked worriedly, holding onto my shoulders.
"Yeah I'm feeling much better," I tell her reassuringly. 
Alice smiled at me. "I'm glad. I was so worried about you when I heard!" Pft, worried my ass. It's not my problem you can't take care of yourself.
I frowned. Was I hearing things again? Alice wouldn't say something like that to me.
"Is something wrong?" Alice noticed my frown. 
"No.. everything's just fine." I pressed my hands onto my cheeks and lightly slapped them, hoping that it'll stop whatever was wrong with me. 
She pushed my hands away from my face. "Don't touch your face with your hands, you'll get more pimples that way. There are germs hiding on your hand. How many times have I told you that?" It would be good if you got more pimples.. your ugliness will make me stand out more.. I'm so sick of seeing boys falling at your feet when your looks are nothing compared to mine.
Then Calvin suddenly appeared. He was wearing red t-shirt and jeans with a pair of Vans. His black hair was gelled up like it was always was. "Hey Ali-" He stopped his sentence midway when he noticed that I was also there. "Oh hey Abbie! What are you doing here? Alice told me that you went home sick."
"I was feeling better so I decided to come back."
"Ohh, I see." He shifted his feet awkwardly.
"Yeah..." I stared down at my fingers as if there was something super interesting about them.
He was my boyfriend and I was his girlfriend. We dated for nearly a year but it didn't seem that way in other's point of view. We don't spend much time together as we used to. We don't talk as much as before either. Now, we only see each other at lunch and sometimes, in the halls. We have awkward conversations when we have to, asking each other about our day. Slowly we drifted apart and now, the only thing holding us together was the title. "Boyfriend" "Girlfriend"
I looked up from my hands and took a peek at Calvin who was still staring at his feet. What was she doing here... I thought it was just going to be me and Alice today..  
It's happening again. I was hearing things again... maybe I should've took my mom's offer to see the doctor. Maybe the fever I had damaged my ears or something. 
"What's with this weird atmosphere, guys??" Alice spoke up, breaking the silence between us. "Let's go grab something to munch on."
"Go on without me. I  need to do something."
I watched two of the most important people walk away from me, laughing happily at something I didn't know. Although I had been denying it for quite a while, it was pretty obvious that there was something going on between them- something I just didn't want to admit to myself. They spent more time with each other than the time I spent with Calvin although the past year. I leaned my back against the lockers and closed my eyes, thinking hard. I need to sort things out.
What on earth was going on? Why was I hearing these things? Was there something wrong with me? Was what I heard all a part of my imagination or were they actually real? And was there really a thing going on between Calvin and Alice?
A/N: I hope you enjoyed this first chapter~!
By the way, this story has nothing to do with Twilight or vampires!! I've never read that series or any other vampire stories so please, PLEASE don't assume that the plot will be like it. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Prologue

"Mom! Morgan's asleep again!" 
The young boy called from the living room where he and his sister had been playing cops and robbers just minutes ago. A sigh sounded from the kitchen before he heard the clicking of his mother's heels enter the room.
 "How long has she been out?" His mother asked causally as she knelt down beside his sleeping sister, her honey blonde hair, that usually hung past her shoulders, sprawled over the wooden floor like a halo around her head.
 "Just around a minute." He answered his mother, watching as his petite sister slept soundly, unaware that they had been in the middle of a game, one that he had been winning. He tried not to be annoyed that she would pick such a inappropriate time to sleep.
"Did you get her excited again Chase?" His mother asks softly, her gentle brown eyes searching his for the answers he would try to hide. He immediately looked to the floor and felt a hint of regret. Morgan had wanted to start playing another game because she was losing and they had gotten into an argument where towards the end he had turned to a new tactic of tickling her. Then she had suddenly fell into a deep sleep, in the middle of the living room.
 "Uh, no." He lied. 
A playful smile played on her lips as she turned to back to her daughter, stroking the curled tendrils off her temple, the alabaster skin beneath her hands were so smooth and perfect that she felt an ache of tenderness for the child.
 "Don't lie to me Chase. Now go get a pillow for her head and we'll wait till she wakes up again." 
Chase nodded and moved his small eleven year old body from his place kneeling beside his sister and got a pillow from the sofa. He made sure to get the fluffiest one for her. It was the least he could do for his twin. Once she was settled with the pillow beneath her head and both her mother and brother waiting by her side, Morgan finally woke from her four minute sleep. Her doe eyes fluttered open as she looked around her surroundings, the familiar expressions crossed her face. First was the disorientation, followed swiftly with realisation and annoyance.
 "I did it again, didn't I?" She mumbled sadly as she sat up from her sleeping position. Her limbs moved slowly, in a sluggish manner, the tiredness still apparent. Her mother gave her a sympathetic look before grazing the back of her fingers across her cheek. She wished her daughter didn't have this condition. Narcolepsy . She wished she didn't have to worry about the small child falling asleep at any given moment, the constant worry that she could somehow fall into danger when she is in her most vulnerable state. She only wanted her daughter to grow up happy.
 Morgan watched as her mother stroked her forehead lovingly.
 "It's fine sweetheart. Now go get ready. Dinner will be on the table in five minutes," She spoke softly as she rose to her feet and then she was gone and back in the kitchen. Morgan turned to her brother.
 "Want to play again?" She asked, managing, despite the fact that her eyes drooped slightly, to sound energised. Her brother looked at her like she was crazy.
 "Why don't you just go get ready for dinner. Mom will hunt me down if I over-exhaust you." 
Despite his words, Chase found himself actually wanting to continue to play. His football practise had been cancelled that morning and he hated sitting down and doing nothing. But then he remembered the way his sister's eyes had suddenly become unfocused as her head, followed by the rest of her body, had slumped sideways during their previous game. No matter how many times he had seen it happen, the experience still jarred him every time. 
"HOY !!!! Babaeng halos walang alam sa paaralang ito ni di mo ako kilalang p***** i**ng babae HA!!!!!!!" napatingin naman ang babae sa lalaki "mister?? ano po ba ang nagawa ko??"tanong ng dalaga "look miss lumapit ako sayo tapos nilagpasan mo ako" ?_? ·_· "ah sorry po good morning po pala" sabay bow "AISH!!babae isasama lang naman kita sa motel for one night stand" ·_·"mister?? di po ba nakakapagod yon??" inosenteng tanong ng dalaga "masarap naman" sabi ng binatilyo "masarap po bang nakatayo buong gabi nakakapagod po yun mister at tsaka po natutulog po sa motel hindi tumatayo" nag bow sya sa lalaki at tumakbo "HOYBABAKNITA!!!!!" inis na sigaw ng lalaki sa babae "one night stand ano naman yun??" tanong ng babae sa isip niya
MAJOR NOTE
If you are looking for a perfect book, with no grammar issues, no phrasing issues, and sometimes getting a characters name off. 
Then I recommend you stop reading now.
I am not a perfect writer, not by any means. There are going to be mistakes, and if you can't take that, maybe you shouldn't be reading on Wattpad. Because this a place to LEARN and not to BE PERFECT. If you're a perfect writer, send me a link to your published book and I'd be happy to read it.  
I have heard the whole "If you can't take it, then don't put your books in public."  crap. 
There is a difference between CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM ans just CRITICISM. 
There are so many writers on here that don't know the difference, and if you're one of them, please refrain from reading this or any other book on her that isn't actually physically published. Because everybody makes mistakes, even Dan Brown and Stephen King and Stephine Meyer.
For those of you that are the great people that don't put people's work down, continue on! I'd love to hear your opinion. You guys are great. 
Thanks for your consideration
ChasingMadness24 (Kyra)


Hello (I bet the song popped into your head;) It's me again, guys! This is a new story that i really really hope you'll like!! 

Copyright
 The moral right of the author has been asserted. All rights reserved. This story is published subject to the condition that is shall not be reproduced or re transmitted in whole or in part, in any manner, without the written consent of the copyright holder, and any infringement of this is a violation of copyright law.
A single copy of the materials available in this story may be made, solely for personal, noncommercial use. Individuals must preserve any copyright or other notices contained in or associated with them. Users may not distribute said copies to others, whether or not in electronic form or hard copy, without prior written consent of the copyright holder of the materials.

Love you guys!! Hope you enjoy!!
~ChasingMadness24
You know that feeling you get when you've wanted something to happen for so long and then it finally does?
Well I don't.
Why?
Because my life sucks. Plain and simple.
My whole life my parents were controlling...although I do miss them now, the only thing that kept me sane was a boy called Ash Moretti who I have liked for the longest time.
Finally he chooses to date someone and who does that girl happen to be?
My best friend Riley Parker.
Really Ash?
Aren't there like 4 billion girls on the planet? 
I couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy as I saw Ash lean down and kiss Riley before he was getting on the plane.
Why can't that be me?
Sadly Riley can't come to Hawaii with us because she failed some classes and has summer schooling, it sucks because we've been planning this summer since our freshman year, and being seniors, I am so ready to just kick back and relax.
Riley leaned up and gave him another kiss.
I sighed, moving my eyes to my laps as I played with my fingers, waiting for the plane to take off.
Two minutes later, I felt a presence at my side.
I looked up to see none other than Ash standing next to me.
I gulped.
"Yes?" I squeaked.
"You're in my seat." He said.
"Um..no, this is my seat." I replied, not moving.
He just raised an eyebrow at me.
God that was sexy.
I looked at my boarding pass to make sure, and as I thought I was in my seat, but Ash didn't move.
"You can sit next to me if you want." I said, patting the chair next to me.
He shook his head.
When he did that my heart dropped, ofcourse he wouldn't want to sit next to me.
What was I thinking?
"I want that seat." He said, pointing at my chair.
Oh...
If it was somebody else, I would've just moved by now, but I really enjoyed arguing with him.
"Well tough luck." I said, shrugging.
He just chuckled a deep sexy chuckle that made me shiver as he stepped forward and sat on the seat.
On the seat I was in.
Ash freaking Moretti is sitting on me!
And I really like it.
But he's pretty heavy...
I tried to struggle out from under him, but I couldn't move.
"You wanna...let me...breathe?" I gasped.
He moved up a little bit, giving me room to move seats, and his butt was my face level.
Damn.
I moved to the next seat, scowling.
I wondered why Ash wanted the seat I was in if it wasn't even his...
I let the thought breifly cross my mind.
I'm planning to re-write, update and improve this story at some point.
It takes me a couple of months to edit and improve a story, so it might not happen for a while, but if you notice any changes to the story as you're reading, it could be that I'm midway through uploading the new chapters.

Tristan -->

"Triss, time to get up. Breakfast in ten minutes."
My brother's loud voice woke me from my sleep.
Groaning, I pulled the pillow over my head and snuggled deeper beneath my duvet.
"Get up!"
Matt came into my room, yanked the bottom of my duvet and whipped the covers off my body.
I whined and curled up into a smaller ball.
"Up!"
I heard Matt leave the room again and sat up slowly, yawning and rubbing my eyes.
I levered myself out of my bed and stumbled across the hallway to the bathroom. I turned on the shower, held my hand underneath the jets of water until the temperature was right, stripped off my night-time boxers and stepped beneath the jets of water.
I squealed as the cold water woke me fully.
I waited until I was trembling violently, before turning the temperature gauge to hot.
As the water turned warmer, I picked up my shampoo and started lathering my dark hair.
I have nice hair, if I do say so myself.
Chocolate brown, thick and baby-soft, my hair is short at the back of my head and over my ears, and longer on the fringe. At the moment, it almost covers my eyes, but I am due a haircut next week.
I stepped out of the shower and towelled myself off quickly, before going back to my room.
I mused over my clothes for a while, pulling open the door of my large wardrobe and scanning the rails and shelves.
I rummaged through the trousers hung neatly on hangers and shirts folded tidily on the shelves for a while, before settling on a pair of black skinny jeans that hugged my long legs and showed off my round buttocks perfectly, a button-up black and white checked shirt, a white beanie hat and my favourite pair of white converse trainers.
I took my school books from yesterday's lessons out of my rucksack and put in today's, along with a library book that was due to be returned, and two of my Meat Loaf CD's; my friend Ava had asked to borrow them, and I had forgotten to give them to her the past three days.
I left my rucksack on my bed and went downstairs for breakfast.
Matt was stood beside the oven, already dressed in a freshly ironed, charcoal-grey suit. A thin, bright red tie hung neatly around his neck, and his black dress shoes were polished and shining.
I never knew our dad, who died when I was two, and mum left to be with her new boyfriend three years ago; the last we heard, she was living with him in Belgium.
Since then, Matt has looked after me. He's an accountant - a job that he hates, most of the time - but he makes plenty of money, even though he's only a junior in his office, so we're pretty well off.
"You took your time, Tristan." Matt grumbled, tipping scrambled eggs onto a plate and adding two rashers of bacon and a couple of sausages. "I've got to go now. We're trying those new accounts I told you about settled, so I'll be leaving early and getting back late the next couple of nights."
Okay, well here's the third- and last- part to the Celebrity Status series and I'm really excited to start writing this story, I miss Holly and Libby so much :P Okay, well here it is and I hope you guys like it!
But before you go, here's the results to the survey from the end of Cross My Heart (P.S. This does not depict the actual way that the story is going to go. I honestly have no idea how this story is going to end)
1.) The title of the sequel? 
a] Desprate Measures- 5b] Haven't Had Enough- 6c] Fix Me- 2d] Lover Dearest- 8e] Ever After- 16f] And So It Goes- 17
2.) Who should Libby end up with?
a] Ryder- 4b] Jackson- 15c] Tommy- 1d] Brendon- 33e] Jarrod- 0 
3.) Where should it take place?
a] Italy- 7b] Australia- 14c] Hawaii- 13d] Miami, Florida- 14e] Other: Paris- 5, London- 1, California- 1
4.) Who should Jackson end up with?
a] Jenna- 36b] Libby- 15c] Ryder- 3d] Emily- 2e] Other- 0
And before we start the story, I'm going to go over some negative comments that I get a lot on this story that way, if you feel like commenting along the lines of any of these, you won't have to because I have already heard it enough times. I know this might sound kinda rude but when you hear the same negative comments over and over, it kinda gets to you. So, I know it might be tough but please PLEASE just do not comment any of these:
Is the WHOLE story in Libby's point of view? NOOOOOOOOOOYes it is. Thank you for your enthusiasm and support.
You should do it in Holly's POV!!!No.
This is SO clicheI know that. I don't particularly have anything against cliche stories but if you do, then this story really isn't for you.
This is an unrealistic depiction of AustraliaI know that
They need to stop chirping! Are they birds?!I realize that I use the word "chirped" way too much (thank you to the plethora of people who have pointed this out in the rudest ways possible, really appreciate that) but I'm too lazy to go back and change it so if the over-usage of that verb is really going to distract you from the story, I suggest that you don't move farther in this story because enough people have complained about it to last me a lifetime.
You can't do that!Yes I can. Writer=can do anything. 
*Anything that spoils the story for other people*Stop. Just stop right there. That is just so rude, not just to me, but to the other first time readers as well. 
So like I said, I'm sorry if doing that makes me sound like a bad person but I figure that it might save us all some time so that you don't have to comment it and I don't have to read the same message 200 times. And I just saved you a whole lot of time if the word "chirped" is going to give you a conniption like it has with so many people before you. I love all of you though, just don't forget that <33
Okiee Dokiee, that's it for those and I now present to you...
Bum bum bummmmm
Lover Dearest!!!
~Writerbug
 
| eight months before |
SHE HAD THIS thing about her that drove him insane.
When it got cold in January, she started wearing a bulky black jacket, which only made her look chubbier, and her upper body was disproportionate to her lower. She wore it, every fucking day, and when she took it off at her locker, throwing it inside, there would be little feathers on the back of her sweater - which was also loose, by the way - feathers that got there from her ugly jacket, and she wouldn't even try to get them off of her. She walked around like that, all day.
And it drove him insane.
She was a sad story, told twice over. When she walked, sometimes he noticed the blue acrylic paint stain on her left pant sleeve, and it drove him insane. She laughed too much, too. She laughed loudly, at every fucking thing, and she stood in the hallway sometimes with one of her friends, watching people as if she was trying to understand their past. She was always trying to understand.
He wanted to tear the sadness away from her limbs.
And her hair. He wanted to poke his fingers into his eyes, right about now. Her hair was the colour of midnight. Or just when the dusk fell and the dark night closed in on the world-that was her hair. And it was long, and when she laughed, it looked longer. She laughed with her head thrown back, and her hair danced like it was a living, breathing thing.
He thought about it, sometimes. He thought about how it would feel to run his fingers through her hair.
But then he remembered that she was Lolita, and goddammit, no one could love Lolita.
Not even Lolita herself.
---
foreword:
This story is very close to my heart, and it took me a lot of courage to post this, because certain aspects of the story are personal to me. The Misfortunes of Lolita is for every victim, every underdog, every outcast out there who believes that no one can fall in love with them.
It's for every person who thinks that they're a sad story, told twice over.
I swear to every single one of you. I swear to myself. I will prove that yes, you can be loved. I can be loved.
Thank you.
[THIS STORY IS IN THE PROCESS OF A RIGOROUS EDITING PROCESS, CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM IS WELCOME. Please understand that I wrote this a while ago so there might be a few mistakes/lack of realism--I'm getting better as a writer and learning. I think this story has a lot of potential, and I believe it can go somewhere. A lot of readers have suggested that I try to publish it, and the editing is a part of that process. Thanks.]
playlist: 
The playlist/soundtrack for this story is linked in the external link.
trailer:
You can watch the trailer for this story on the side.
disclaimer:
This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any person/thing is purely coincidental.
warning:
Contains swearing and deals with themes of depression and bullying.
copyright:
Copyright © 2014 by losangelesque
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review. This book or any portion must not be posted in any other sites, including social media, for anything other than promotional purposes with the permission of the author. Any infringement of the copyright is punishable by law.
Basically, don't even try to copy any part of this story. I will hunt you down.
note:
I am not trying to make ANY references to Lolita (by Vladimir Navokov). Any and all comments that reference to that story are discouraged.
In fact, any and all references to any book "relating" the concepts etc are discouraged because often times, these comparisons come off rude.
That being said, read on. Though, know this: learn to read between the lines. This story isn't for you if you can't see beyond the words in front of you. Understand the meaning behind every syllable they breathe, and you'll understand Frank, and Lolita, and this story.
Hi guys this is my first book don't judge 😁Emily 👆 'Waaaaaaaaaaaaaa'Disturbed my nightmares, I sluggishly got out of the rock hard mattress and walked over to the nursery.
As I walked in I saw Emily shaking under the covers which put me straight in panick mode, " em what's wrong" I whispered as I sat on the edge of her bed, she grabbed my hand and held it whilst weeping "Emily" I cooed patting her silky blonde hair with my fingertips, she looked at me straight in the eyes and all I saw was fear.
I picked her up and took her to my room "em you can sleep with me tonight ok" I said as I kissed the top of her head and snuggled close to the only family I've got.
BEEEEPPPPP BEEEEEPPP BEEEEEEPPPPUgh it's already morning, I slammed the alarm clock down with every bit of power i had in me, I slowly crept out of bed and ran to my closet yeyyy first day of a new school.......sarcasm btw 🙄
I picked out a black crop top and black high waisted jeans. who else has that problem putting jeans on oml I feel like a seal, I'm not fat well that's what People think but I'm curvy like VERY curvy and jeans take the piss to get up my fat ass.
After I did my morning routine I put on black combat boots and leather jacket, I picked Emily up carefully and took her to my neighbor, Dixie is a 39 years old she's the sweetest woman you will ever meet and thankfully she knows my situation and helps out by watching over em whilst I'm at school but I have to take her work with me.
I dropped her of and started my long journey to hell...... Sorry I mean school
© Copyright
No parts may be reproduced or utilized in any form, or by any means without prior consent by way of License Agreement. This includes recording, photocopying, electronic/digital and mechanical, or in any information storage or retrieval system. 
* * * 
-Chapter One- 
My eyes slowly fluttered open as I heard my bedroom door creak open off to the left side of my bedroom. My eyelids slowly, and I returned to my crazy dream. By 'crazy', I mean unicorns and rainbows everywhere.
"Alex, you should be awake. Get up," A voice that I recognized as Danielle's said. Danielle was my best friend; I have known her since we were little babies.. She has been through every crazy twist and turn with me since I first knew how to say "wee wee," which, by the way, was my first word, and I, Alex Annabelle Turner, am very proud of it.
Why am I somewhat awake right now? I should be at the rainbow party at Mrs. Skittles' house right now! Again with the dreaming.
I moaned an incoherent reply to Danielle. In sleep language, I would've been saying, "Can't you go away? I am tired, and sorry Danielle, but right now my bed is my best friend."
Her feet padded against the cream colored carpet that was oh so wonderfully placed in my bedroom. "Ew. You're face isn't very attractive when you're sleeping like that," Danielle commented as she hovered over me.
I let my hazel eyes open again to meet her chocolate brown ones. "Are you here for a specific reason, Dan?"
"Actually, yes. First of all, your demented little sister is being a brat again, and second, I'm bored. Oh, and I have a question to ask you."
The 'demented little sister' Dan was referring to was Peyton. Peyton is my little sister who is fourteen years old. She's like a little, annoying bug that keeps landing on your food when you when you're trying to eat a hot dog at a barbeque. . . You know, the ones you hate?
"What question do you have to ask me?"
"How do you manage to fall asleep at five o'clock in the afternoon?" she asked, cocking her head to the side.
"I stayed up until four this morning doing that stupid, science project, remember?" Yes, that is a true fact. I honestly did my project at the last minute. Hey, what can I say? Procrastination is my middle name! Don't take that literally..
I sat up in my queen sized bed and stretched my arms, yawning.
"Procrastinator," Danielle called me.
"Don't worry. I haven't forgotten yet." I climbed out of bed and ran a hand through my long, knotted blonde hair. "Hair status?"
"It looks like a tornado hit your head while you were in Dreamland, then a bird made a nest out of it... And then another tornado hit it." Danielle smirked at me.
"Thanks." Better get this taken care of. After thoroughly brushing through my hair, it looked somewhat decent. "What's for breakfast?"
"Breakfast was over at ten AM, hon. We had waffles, bacon, and eggs, but it's all gone now. I think you can deal with cereal for today, right?"
I groaned. How could I forget that it's five PM already? Now, I really regret not waking up this morning, especially since there was bacon involved. The bad thing is, the only cereal we have is Raison Bran and old cornflakes.
Might as well kill myself now.
I hate Raison Bran. It tastes like dried, washed up cardboard to me. I would literally die first before I ate even a little bit of Raison Bran. I don't know why my mother still bothers buying it; no one even really touches it.
I dragged my feet across the carpeted hallway floors and down the stairs. I'm just not in the mood to face the treacherous obstacles of the day. Or, the other half of the day, might I say. I made my way to the kitchen, where I grabbed a Fiber One granola bar, and went to the living room to sit on the couch.
"Look here! Sleeping Beauty is awake!" my mom cheered. "It's about time."
I gave her a fake, short laugh. "Yep, look at me." I unsheathed my granola bar from its wrapper and began munching on it. Danielle sat next to me with her laptop in her hands. "What are you doing?" I asked her.
"On Wattpad chatting with some girl," she replied and began typing away.
"Cool beans." I leaned over, resting my head on her shoulder. "I'm tired..." I drawled. I shut my eyes, and pictured Mrs. Skittles in my head, attempting to resume my dream from this morning.
My phone 'dinged' in the pocket of my pajama pants. I jumped frantically, opening my eyes. Why does everyone have to keep interrupting my precious dreams?
Fishing my iPhone out of my pocket, I checked to see who had texted me.
Unknown Number
I furrowed my eyes in confusion and read the oh-so-creative text message.
"Hey!"
Should I reply, or should I just ignore it? I mean, after all, this person did interrupt my dream. They don't deserve a reply. What if they keep texting me? I sighed. Oh well.
I didn't know it at that exact point, but that one 'hey' turned into something much more than just a random stranger having the wrong number. Trust me, I didn't expect it either, but that one text message led to something way bigger than the normal 'sorry, wrong number' situation...
Hey, you! Yes, you. I just wanted to say, thanks a ton for reading my first chapter! Even if you don't continue reading, thank you!
A/N Hey guys enjoy! Sorry for any mistakes I'll edit it later if you see anything wrong please tell me! The picture is of Delilah aka main character.
It is now edited!!!!!
--------
Ugh. That's what I'm thinking. Really why can't I just stay here? I have friends,  good grades, it's all so complex. I found out late last night that I'm moving in 5 days, not 5 weeks, 5 days and really far away not just another stupid city, a freaking new state! Who do they think they are?!? I was just accepted by the whole football team and now I'm moving.
I guess I could be a better daughter, I fight with my mom and dad, who doesn't? Why should I have to leave my home. I've never even left the state before and now I'm moving out of state! I just can't believe my parents would do this.
Last night:
"Hey, Delilah, can you come down stairs please?" My mom called from down stairs. She probably just wanted to know how bad I got hurt today in football practice for the Lake Mount Mustangs.  
"Yeah I'm coming right now!" I yelled over my music.
"Hey honey I just made cookies. Sit down and have some."
"Why'd you make cookies you never make cookies unless your trying to buy my good side or bribe me?"
She's going to drop something big I can tell. I hope that I just have to go to the doctor and listen to them constantly judge me for playing football and telling me it's not safe.  In other words I hate doctors, like really who do they think they are.
"Hey that's not fair, I do not! Give me a break."
"Depends on what you tell me or demand of me." I said sarcastically.
"I'm serious you'd better lose that attitude or I'll make it ten times worse."
"Ok mom, sorry we just did a lot of laps and drills today."
"Thank you. Now for the news."
Called it.
"What is it mom? You're kind of making me worry with that face."
"We're moving to Rochester, New York in 5 days to be closer to your dad."she said in a rush.
Why? I can't believe it my life was just turning out alright and now my moms making me leave. Why? How could she? I can't believe them!
"Why!?! How could you!?! My life just started to turn around!!"
"It's not my choice your dad is forcing us or else you can't see me!"
" I don't want to see that cheating little liar!!"
"You don't have a choice or else he'll take it to court and take you away from me!"
"Ok mom I'll leave but I just want you to know I'm not happy about it! I love you by the way!"
I yelled running back up stairs to my room. Yes, I told her I love her, even if we are fighting you never know when your last words will be, so I choose to end it on a good note.
5 days to get ready and fix everything.
------ Present day
"Delilah please come eat dinner with me."
"No mom. I love you, but no"
"Please, if we could stay here together and your dad wouldn't bother us then I would stay here, I don't want to leave but he is forcing us. Listen if you change your mind then I'll be down stairs.." She turns around to walk away " I really am sorry."
Arghhhh ! Serabutnya otak aku! Mama ni pun satu. Kot ye pun nak suruh aku kawen awal, cari la orang yang elok sikit. Ini tak, nak jugak si Aqil ngokngek tu jadi menantu. 
Arghhh !! Serabut ! Serabut !Pandangan dilemparkan ke siling bilik. Apasalllll laa dalam banyak-banyak kaum Adam kat muka bumi ni, aku kena hadap muka annoying giler babeng si Aqil tu? Walaupun realiti nya muka dia tak annoying tapi sweet. 
Tapi ..Tapi ..Tapi ..
Urghhhh ! Perangai dia yang annoying! Dia ingat dia boleh main basketball, kira dah baaaagussss sangat ke? Arghh! Takleh terima ! Takleh terima! 
Aku menumbuk bantal dengan membayangkan bantal tu adalah dia.
'Nah, rasakan tumbukan sulung aku ni ha! Rasakan !!!!!'
And maybe .. aku dah boleh diklasifikasikan sebagai kurang siuman sekarang ni.Nak jadi single lagi !! Takleh terima der, dulu kalau ada orang tanya status : single.Nanti orang tanya status : married ?? Uwaaaaa ! Ngeri giler!
Walaupun aku tahu kami takkan selalu bertemu muka kat universiti nanti, Ye laaa, aku ngan dia kos lain-lain. Kos ape entah mamat tu, malas ah nak ambik tahu. Bukan masalah aku pun ..but still .. Aiyoyo , tak kira macam mana aku pikir sekali pun .. ini semua ,
NONSENSE 
Yeah, that one word is the most suitable word for this situation.
Kenapa laaa aku setuju nak masuk MRSM dulu. Dapat plak satu MRSM dengan dia ! Haihhh, dari sekolah rendah, sampai ke sekolah menengah kena hadap muka dia tuh! Ini kan pula nak hadap seumur hidup? Kalau mulut elok okay la jugak, ini tak ! Mulut cam longkang! 
Yang aku laaaaagiii tak paham, apasal la semua orang kat sekolah kata kami ni kembar? Apa yang sama nya? Nak kata dia hensem? Memang la hensem, sebab aku ni lawa.. ecece, tumpang lalu nak angkat bakul jap.Dah la cakap cara kami cakap sama? Tang mana sama pun aku tak tau. Takkan mulut aku longkang jugak kot? Ish, impossible lah. 
Pastu duk kenen-kenenkan kami dua orang? Masih segar lagi dalam kepala hotak aku yang genius ni, kata-kata seorang insan yang bernama sahabat.
'Aku rasa kau dengan Aqil tu ada jodoh la, muka fotostat! dah macam kembar aku tengok korang nih' statement berani mati oleh geng kamcing aku, Syifaa. Masa tu Allah je tahu betapa aku nak cili-cili kan mulut si Syifaa nih. 
Tak cukup dengan geng kamcing aku Syifaa yang kenenkan aku, cikgu-cikgu pun join sekaki.'Aqil Afdzan!' Aqil mengangkat tangan.'Aqila Afrina!' Aku mengangkat tangan.'Aqila dengan Aqil ni jodoh panjang agaknya, nama pun dekat sama apatah lagi wajah korang yang memang sama' And yes, we were classmates. Pity me right? And kalau ada group, konpem aku satu group dengan mamat nih sebab cikgu selalu guna group ikut nama. Kadang-kadang je terlepas dari seksaan satu group dengan dia.So, terpaksa laaaa hadap muka dia ni ha.. kalau tak, melayang la carry mark aku ! 
Tengah duk syok-syok melayan perasaan, eh ada plak insan yang berani call aku tengah-tengah malam nih. Lagi panas bila memandang nombor pemanggil di talian.
014-8355890
Yeah ! Tak lain tak bukan! Ini adalah nombor Aqil ! Jangan tanya aku macam mana aku boleh ingat nombor dia kalau hampir setiap malam dia hantar mesej ejek aku. Apa yang dia tak puas hati ngan aku pun aku tak tahu lah. Nak makan tapak kasut dulu agaknya baru faham aku malas nak layan budak tak matured macam dia ni.
Aku menekan butang hijau.'Apasal susah sangat nak angkat call nih? Bukan susah pun kan? Tekan butang hijau je kan?'
Seeee!! Dia dengan bebelan dia tuuuu .. dengan tak sabar-sabar dia tu ..ayyyy~ memang laaa .. memang laaa kalau aku hidup dengan dia ni, boleh bernanah agaknya telinga aku ni. Menyirap plak aku rasa .. tapi sabar Qila, sabar .. kalau dua-dua jadi api, maunya terbakar telefon baru aku ni.
'Kot ye pun nak marah, bagi la salam dulu .. Assalamualaikum sedara di sana? Pedehal marah-marah ni?'
'Eh mana ada marah, sayang .. cuma abang tak boleh tidur, asyik termimpikan sayang' Meremang segala bulu-bulu roma aku saat perkataan 'sayang' tu keluar dari mulut pemanggil. Ditambah perisa dengan suara romantis yang boleh dikatakan first time aku dengar? Mana taknya, bila jumpa je mana penah nak cakap elok-elok. Nickname je kembar,bila jumpa macam anjing ngan kucing. 
Orang yang namanya Aqil Afdzan ni bukan reti mengalah. Kalau dia cakap apa-apa pasal aku and then aku senyap je .. sebab malas nak layan, dia akan ejek jugak sampai laaaa aku rasa boiling point aku mencapai tahap maksimum dan aku pun ... burst into anger, bertukar jadi hulk. And dia end up, gelakkan aku.Daripada kecik, sampai la besar gedabak sekarang ni .. that's is Aqil Afdzan. Tak pernah boleh tengok aku bahagia.
'Stop it Aqil''Why?''Its.not.funny''Alaaa.. nanti kita nak kawen jugak kan, kena la biasa-biasakan'
Biasakan kepala hot dia! Makin lama, makin menjadi-jadi perangai annoying dia ni. Ha, baguslah upgrade tahap annoying tu tiap tahun.. bahagia hidup aku nanti.
'And kau pun kena la bebaskan awek-awek kau tu' Dah nama pun basketball player, semua pompuan diorang nak kaut. Aku lagi tak paham dengan pompuan-pompuan ni semua, apa la yang menariknya dengan basketball player ni ha, kalau takraw boleh la aku terima. Kooolll giler beb time diorang main! 'Uishh .. mestilah, nanti tiap hari sayang makan hati berulam jantung kalau abang tak bebaskan diorang tu'
Sumpah Aqil gila sekarang ni. Dengan suara dia yang agak memeltingkan aku,boleh plak bersayang-sayang bagai. Cheesecake betul !
'Aqil .. kau serius ke nak kawen dengan aku ni?' Aku menggunakan nada serius, sebab dengan nada tu je Aqil ni tak jadi main-main.'Asal kau tanya camtu plak?''Ye laaa, kita kan muda lagi.. result uni pun baru keluar''So.. ?''So, kau tak bimbang ke kalau nanti bila dah masuk uni, kau suka kat orang lain. Ha,cmne?'
Betul la kan soalan aku tu kan? Aqil ni bukannya betul sangat otak dia walaupun antara top student kat sekolah aku ni. Mana la tau kan, kot dia main kayu tiga empat lima ngan aku? Tak ke naya aku? Aku kalau dah ada ikatan, aku pantang kalau ada insan begini.Tapi bila pikir balik, haihhhh .. boleh ke ikatan yang bakal kami tempuhi ni kekal? Arghhh ! Aku baru je niat nak cari jodoh kat uni nanti, tapi jodoh entah dari mana plak datang bergolek-golek ni ha .
'Jap, sekarang ni kau nak cakap aku suka kau ke?' Aqil bertanya sarkastik.'Dah tu, kau yang ye ye nak kawen apedehal?'
'Entah .. tiba-tiba rasa nak kenal KEMBAR aku ni dengan lebih dekat' sengaja ditekankan perkataan kembar tu. 'Haiii, tak cukup kenal lagi ke? Dah lebih 10 tahun kottt kenal'
'Tak. Kau mana pernah bagi peluang aku kenal kau pun''Apasal kau cakap camtu plak?''Ye laaa .. asyik jumpa aku je, marah-marah'
Hamboiiii ! Sesedap rasa je cakap aku marah-marah. Dia yang annoying, salahkan kita plak.'Kau yang ejek aku pendek la apa la, macam mana aku tak marah?''Wo wo, lek laa.. aku suka je bila kau marah aku. Sebab orang kata, marah tu tanda sayang'
Terdengar gelak kecil dari seberang sana. Ceh, boleh bahan gelak plak dia. Ingat aku main-main ke? Kalau ada depan mata aku ni, aku rasa dah kiokk agaknya.
'Weh, aku serius kot .. dengan kau, bagi la aku peluang' Waduhh, ini yang aku lemah ni.. boleh buat suara serius plak.Mama !! Anak Mama tak kuat !
----------Assalamualaikum ! New greet for new story ! Hope story kali ni, para readers dapat bg idea and support .. chapter prtama ni bnyak bebel kan? Soriiii ,, hehehe, kalau ada idea .. komen je, in shaa Allah saya akan masukkan dlm cter . Hoho,Keep reading ! Keep voting ! And keep commenting ! 
Kenyitmatasikit°©
"Oh my god!" I screamed. "Oh my god! OH MY FUCKING GOD! WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT! YOU ALMOST GOT US KILLED! I could of have lost my life right there and then! Oh god I need to go to the hospital and you need to go to a damn mental hospital and get hel-" 
"SHUT UP! Your still alive, yes? Trust me, I would never let anything happen to you babe." He said looking into my eyes.
Hey wass up!? My names Braydon and I'm 16. i can be quite the troublemaker sometimes, ok more like all the time. I have 4 brothers and always wanted a little sister but I just got bros. It's not that I don't like my brothers, it's just that it can get pretty hard and awkward. Like when one of em' walk in on me when I'm in my bra, or that time when I had my first period, well...let's not talk about that (worst day ever). But I still love em' no matter what. 
Amy: (mom, 37) Black wavy hair, crystal blue eyes, isn't at home most of the time cause she works for the F.B.I but she's always finding time for the kids, and doesn't take no for an answer. 
Adam: (dad, 38) brown hair, chocolate brown eyes, very fit, works as one of those top class CIA agents that can't tell you much about there jobs cause a lot of stuff is classified, is at home most of the time with the kids.
Zac: (17) brown hair, crystal blue eyes, really fit with a 6 pack, oldest child but not responsible at all, a real chick magnet. 
Braydon: (16, twin, older by a minute) Black and blue hair, chocolate brown eyes, really active, loves music and to play guitar, 
Braxton: (16, twin, younger by a minute) black hair, chocolate brown eyes, really active and fit, loves to hang around Braydon, and Braydon's partner in crime.
Nathan: (11) brown hair, chocolate brown eyes, looks a lot like his dad, likes to bug his siblings, can't have a lot of candy or sauger cause he gets hyper. 
Luke: (1 and a half) blonde/light brown hair, chocolate brown eyes, can walk, and can talk, still in diapers.
Mi-am aruncat tava cu prânzul pe masă și m-am trântit lângă Lucas, prietenul meu cel mai bun. Vorbea cu grupul; Un zâmbet larg i s-a răspândit pe întreaga față, completat de două gropițe. Toate fetele și-au rotit ochii în timp ce băieții îl băteau pe spate și îl felicitau.
"Care-i treaba, Lucas?" Am întrebat curioasă.
"I-am luat virginitatea lui Laurel"
Mi s-au mărit ochii, "Tu ce? Când?"
Minunat. Acum sunt ultima virgină din Liceul Addison, incluzând bobocii.
"Exact. Acum sunt la egalitate cu Topul celor Patru", a spus mândru.
Băieții din anul noastru joacă un joc. Obiectivul este să se culce cu cât mai multe virgine, până la sfârșitul anului; Iar cel ce se culca cu cele mai multe, câștiga titlul de Virginator și respectul celorlalți. Topul celor Patru este la egalitate încă din anul bobocilor, cu Luke în spatele lor. Este foarte imatur, dar restul clasei pare să se bucure.
Topul celor Patru sunt din grupuri sociale complet diferite, dar au în comun două lucruri: numărul de virgine corupte, și faptul că sunt atractivi. Topul celor Patru este compus din Tyler Bradshaw, băiatul rău; Alec Jennings, sportivul; Beckett Cartwright, geniul; și Ian Jameson, tipul bogat. Lucas a fost numit „băiatul de lângă".
Sigur, mai multe fete au încercat să-i evite, dar toate au căzut sub farmecul lor. Nu am fost niciodată într-adevăr o țintă. M-am asigurat să zbor de sub radarele lor, și a funcționat. Toți probabil cred că Luke mi-a luat deja virginitatea sau ceva de genul. Și atâta timp cât ei nu vin după mine, mă împac cu ideea.
Laurel a avut cinci băieți pe urmele ei, flirtând constant cu ea timp de două săptămâni. Săraca fata; nu a dormit suficient și a venit la școală cu pungi gigantice sub ochi. Probabil se săturase și i-a oferit-o lui Luke. Ori asta, ori era beată.
Au fost altele care așteptau atenția băieților; și cred că știți despre ce fel de fete vorbesc. Da, acele majorete în uniformele lor mult prea mici și părul blond fals. Vreți să știți ce scuză patetică au folosit ca să ajungă la ei? Au pretins că sunt virgine. Te rog, de parcă băieții ar crede asta.
"Deci, asta înseamnă că sunt singura care lipsește?", am șoptit.
"Dap, tu ești departajarea, Charlie! Nu te simți specială? Tu alegi cine câștigă! Totul e pe umerii tăi acum. Nici o presiune."
Nu, nu mă simt specială. Nu mă simt nici pe departe specială. Nu vreau să fiu departajarea sau să aleg câștigătorul jocului ăsta copilăresc. Și când cineva spune „nici o presiune", de cele mai multe ori, adaugă o presiune. Și chiar acum, simt cu siguranță presiunea. Toți se bazează pe mine să mă culc cu unul dintre ei, astfel încât să aive un câștigător. M-am gândit să mă culc cu cineva care nu este printre principalii participanți, doar ca să-i oftic, dar nu am făcut-o. M-am păstrat pentru cineva special. Nu pentru seara nunții sau ceva, doar că vreau să îmi pierd virginitatea într-o relație pe termen lung, cu cineva pentru care să am sentimente adevărate. 
Mi-am prins mâinile în jurul gurii lui Luke și m-am uitat rapid în jur să văd dacă cineva a auzit remarca lui. "Taci", am șuierat. "Nimeni nu trebuie să știe că sunt încă virgină. Și tu nu vei spune nimănui", i-am înțepat pieptul, încât să fac un punct.
"În regulă, în regulă! Nu voi spune nimănui că mă vrei."
"Luke!"
"Glumesc... poate. Dar ca răsplată să-ți țin secretul, îmi datorezi prânzul tău."
Olivia Dove in a normal 20 year old woman   
Everyone on her neighborhood knows her as 'Liv the virgin'  
When Liv gets excepted at a the school for the privileged, they ask for many hospital examinations. When a mix up at the hospital happens, Liv ends up getting pregnant   
James Valentine is a 25 year old teacher at the school for the privileged  
Married to the arrogant, yet beautiful Megan       
When there is a mix up at the hospital, Jamie and Megan find out that they have impregnated a young girl
What will Liv do when she finds out that she is pregnant with her teachers child?   
What will Jamie and Megan do, if Liv doesn't want to give her baby up?  
What if in the mist of everything, Jamie and Liv become more then what they are meant to?  
Find out in The Pregnant Virgin
(Authors note)
I hope all of you enjoy this book 
Please don't leave any rude comments 
And under NO circumstance, are you allowed to advertise your own stories on here, it's really really rude and comments will be deleted 
All copyright issues have been handled and this book is completely my idea. If any of you think that this story has been copied, please let me know 
Other then that, I hope you all enjoy the book and have as good of a time reading it, as I did writing it
~Katie Xx

WOOWHOO The first half of this book is now published on Amazon. com. You can grab a paperback or kindle version by searching 'AVALON + MCKINNON"
I appreciate you support!

(Before you guys read this... thank you and I just wanted to say this book is unedited and well  that's it...enjoy )
Just a quick intro - Avalon's parents are going through a divorce and Avalon's Mother (Samantha) has demanded Avalon move from the outback QLD station where she lives with her father and brothers to live in NSW with her for 6 months for reasons that will come apparent as you read on.
Seth - is her new annoying neighbour
Amber is Avalon's horse
Frank is her bull
Angus, Nathan and Jordan are her brothes and Dell is her sister in law. I like to start stories from the ideas I came up with them from, so I don't tell you everything in the first chapter lol you will learn her life as you read on, sorry as that sometimes makes the first chapter confusing.
COPY THIS STORY AND I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN! 
This story AVALON Including all chapters, prologues, epilogues, prequels, and sequels, and all associated content is copyrighted under the Copyright, Design and patents Act of 1968. All rights are reserved by the creator and owner of these works, and any unauthorized copying, manipulation, distribution, broadcasting, or selling of this work constitutes an infringement of the copyright. Any and all copyright infringement is punishable by law.
All stories posted under My Works, covers, ideas, poems, spells, including all chapters, prologues/epilogues, social networks, fanflicks, teasers, blogs are copyrighted. The names, places, events, characters, are all a product of the author's imagination, any resemblance to real people or places is purely coincidental. Copyright © 2013 Palominolane
          The characters and events of this story are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. Palominolane in the year 2013
Sitting back with his girls and friends crowded around him like he was some type of messiah, Seth's gaze meets mine. My jaw clenches shut, an old but rather surprisingly welcome feeling of challenge bubbles into my stomach diving without mercy into my spine to snap it up straight and strong. Here is something I know about, something I know how to play, something familiar in this place where everything seems backward... a Sir Frank Colossal situation if you may.
You see Sir Frank Colossal was my arch nemesis back on our farm. Frank is my Dad's pride and joy, a huge prizewinning Poll Hereford Stud Bull. From day one we didn't meet eye to eye and like two warring kids we were always trying to get each other behind my fathers back; from stupid things to downright nasty, spiteful things and okay... sometimes kind of life threatening things. Mostly it was my life that was threatened but anyway we won't go into keeping score.
Frank would stand in the paddock surrounded by his adoring cows with this stance that used to irritate the crap out of me. His big heavy head would be tilted slightly to the side with his chin up, his eyes were like half closed as if he were some mass adored ladies idol livin' up the love dream.    Totally conceited I swear it.
 I used to curse at him under my breathe that I'd get his arrogant butt moving and believe me, when that bulk got moving it got moving at the speed of a freight train down hill. Amber, my beautiful chestnut stock horse mare loved it; she would take off snorting and cavorting until we were out of reach.
(okay this is warning before any of you start reading this. I started this book AWHILLEEE ago and my writing has gotten so much better throughout this book. So once you get past the first few chapters it will be really good. It also may sound cliche in the beginning but trust me the rest is not. Please don't judge this book on the first chapter. Once I actually finish this book I'm gonna go back and fix any grammatical errors because I know there's a lot also a warning for that. But I hope you enjoy the book!! Thank you for actually tapping on this to read means a load!)
Im walking down the halls. Head down. Walk fast. Keep books close to my chest. This is the routine i follow everyday of my highschool career for the past 3 years. It sucks.
Yes im one of those girls.
The big glasses, the ugly sweaters, the geeky attitude, the straight A's. 100% me.
But it's not like i have a choice here.
I sigh when i reach my locker and put my books in and take the ones i need for the next class. Walking through the halls again unnoticed i slip through my next class taking my seat in the front of the classroom. I take out my notebook and start writing notes that are written on the board.
School started about a month ago and i still dont know if i can keep this up for any longer. I had the whole summer to be me. No one knew. But here i am, being back to my fake self.
OH!
If i havnt introduced myself yet im Riley Evans. The school's nerd. But that's in school. And just in school.
Outside of school i have a totally different life than this. Im badass. Im mean. Im powerful. Im dangerous. But no one can ever know that. For. Reasons.
Well just to clear this up im a fighter on the streets. A street fighter? No. But when there are gangs or just plain criminals, lets just say im the one who helps the police out a little. No one knows my identity or what i even look like.
When i go out i spray paint my face. And no its not like Arrow so you can just shut the fuck up. I make different patterns each times. Sometimes i may look like a circus clown, some days i may look like a just got a really bad spray tan. I have some fun with it. So no one can know its me, but they do know my code name. And that name is Razor.
Razor is badass. She is scary. She is the girl that everyone fears. She cannot be defeated.
But what i do is not very easy here. I have to go through training, conditioning, exercises. And i learned it all from my father. But he doesnt know i do this on the streets. Cause he's dead.
Last summer he died when a gang took him in an alley asking for his wallet. There were about 6 of them the police said. Obviously he had fighting skills so he tried to fight them off. But he was outnumber obviously. When he tried to fight back they just got angry and it ended with a guy pulling a gun on him and pulling the trigger. And since that day i have vowed something.
I vowed that any free gang in the street doing bad things were going to be brought down. If that means i have to kill them, or just simply bring them to the police. Ill do it.
Before my father passed he was teaching me the skills i have now. But not for these purposes. He wanted me to protect myself. Defend myself. He knew that there were bad people out there and he didnt want me getting hurt. Im not very good at sports so i guess it was something to keep me busy.
It all started when i was about 10 years old and a little boy pushed me down at the park. I told my dad i didnt like how it felt. Not because i had a slight scratch on my elbow but because i felt defeated. Yeah i know pretty ridiculous at the age of 10. But its true. So from that day my dad started teaching me things. And when the day comes, im gonna teach my kids the same things.
"Riley are you listening?" Mrs. Moore asks me.
I must have zoned out taking the notes cause i dont remember a thing she has said in the last 5 minutes.
"Oh u-um y-yeah sorry." I quietly whispers.
Jesus Christ i hate being quiet. But it's all part of the act. Students or adults wont suspect anything from a nerd. If i got caught by what i was doing, i would for sure go to prison. Even though im taking down the bad guys, its still a felony. So just to be safe, i have to be undercover. Bit extreme but its sorta fun and adventurous.
Class goes on without any more interruptions and when the bell rings i speed down the hallway towards my locker.
When i reach my destination there are a group of guys surrounding around that area. Great. And i know exactly whose group of pals this is. Luke freaking Sterling. Little bastard thinks he's all that when really he's just a pile of horse shit.
I slowly walk up to them.
"Excuse me." I lightly say.
They dont hear me cause they are to revolved around their conversation.
"Excuse me." I say a little bit louder.
One guys head turns toward me with a confused expression across his face. I think his name is Carson.
"What do you want freak?" Carson spits out at me.
Little asswipe. I mentally role my eyes at him.
"M-my locker is right there." I fake stutter.
"Oh? Is it? Sorry i was just standing here not giving a fuck." He snickers.
That wasnt even a good comeback. Who the hell does he think he is.
My head is about to explode.
"And im just standing here admiring how much of a piece of shit you are. Now move please." I accidentally snap at him.
The whole group of boys eyes go wide. Even Lukes.
I recover fast though.
"Sorry. Im sorry. Just please move." I whisper and put my head down looking at my purple converse.
Carson and the other boy snicker but move out of the way and down the hallway moving to another set of lockers.
But i still feel eyes on my back. I whip my head around and see Luke staring at me across the hallway leaning against the lockers with his buddies. No one is paying attention to him looking at me cause they are too engrossed in their conversation. His eyes are filled with confusion and curiosity.
When our eyes meet i immedatiely turn my head away and look into my locker. Quickly i put my books in and exchange them for the second time that day.
Riley you just made a huge mistake.
My Possessive Stepbrother
Prologue
"Annie, can you get Claire and come down stairs it’s time to eat! “My mom shouts while I getting my cheer outfit, and my things into my duffle bag for the football game tomorrow. “Just a minute mom. “Me, my mom and my little sister Claire all live in a two bedroom apartment. We wasn't the richest people but me mange to get by. My mother works 2 jobs just to take care of us. I always told her that I would get a job but she insisted that I shouldn't have to, that she insist that she is the mom and I'm the kid. Even though we are slightly poor we are very happy. We love that it’s just us three. You're probably wondering where my father is well, he is in prison. My so called father is a good for nothing, low life scum.
I went out across the hall, into my mother's room, where Claire was taking a nap. “Claire it time for dinner, wake up.” I generally shook her trying to wake her up, she sure wasn't a light sleeper. "Mommy?" Claire asked in confusion. “No, it’s nini."Nini is a nickname she gave me. "Oh", she sat up and started rubbing her eyes and got out of my mom's bed. My mom slept on one mattress, which was on the ground. “Ready for dinner baby girl?" I questioned."yes,my hummy."Claire said rubbing her hands to gather and licking her lips. Hummy was her way of saying I'm hungry. I picked her up and headed toward the kitchen when my eyes meet with a guy." Who is this mother? “My face in such confusion. “This is Ben. "My mom walks up to the tall, black haired guy, and grabbing his muscular arm and kisses his rose red cheek. “He is my boyfriend. My mind went blank. How could she be dating someone and not tell me. I thought she was happy without guys in her life. “How long have you been dating." I asked. “In a week, it will be 6 months. What! 6months and this is the first time I hear of this! “Now let's eat." Mom says while putting spaghetti in the middle of the table. I sat on the other side of my mom and Ben I sat Claire in the seat next to me.
After dinner I went upstairs to get ready for bed. ‘Knock knock.’ "Sugar, my I come in?" My mother asked. "Sure." I answer with an angry tint to my voice. My mom walks over to my dresser and grabs my brush then over to my bed, climbs behind me and starts brushing my hair. “Look, I'm sorry I never told you, I just didn't think you would like it. I just thought since it been only us three for a while that you may have freaked out. “My mom says with an apologetic voice. “Mom trust me it's ok I just wish you would have told me sooner, I’m just glad you’re happy, that’s all that matters. Why did you tell me all of a sudden anyways?" I was a little curious so I had to ask. My mom stopped brushing my long blonde, wavy hair and turned me around. Something seemed fishy. “Well to tell you the truth, Ben asked me to marry him and I said yes....
"Hello? Who is this?"
"Hello, darling."
"Who are you?"
"Have you ever considered killing yourself?"
"..."
"Maybe people will actually like you then."
"I'm calling the police."
Aubriella Snow's POV
*Beep beep beep*
I opened my eyes, glancing at my alarm clock. The green numbers read 7:00 am. A moan escaped my mouth as I got up, out of my cozy bed and walked into my en-suite bathroom.
I turned on my shower, letting the warm water fall down on me, waking me up. It was the first day back to school, after summer break. My senior year. Finally my last year of schooling I thought, as I let the shampoo wash out of my hair.
After a long shower, I stepped out, wrapping a towel around me. I went into my walk-in closet, deciding on a cute, pink summery dress and a white cardigan to go along with it. It was still pretty warm outside, so this would be the perfect outfit. I then towel dried my hair, deciding to leave it in its natural, wavy state. I looked into the mirror, as a purple/blue bruise stared back at me, which was located under my left eye. This would take a lot of makeup to cover up.
Once I was finished, I glanced at my eye once more. It was still fairly visible, but not nearly half as bad as it was before. There were a few other bruises on my legs and arms, but they were nearly faded.
I walked out of my bathroom and grabbed my phone from my night-side table. There was a text from my boyfriend Liam, telling me that he was on the way to pick me up. Liam was also the one who was responsible for my bruises.
We had been dating for over a year, but he has only been abusive for the past few months, after the death of his father. It started out with a few pushes and slaps here and there, but soon turned into hard punches and kicks. The abuse normally happens when I do something wrong, but sometimes he seems to do it for no reason at all. He claims he does it because he loves me and he has to teach me a lesson. But if he really did love me, then why does he hurt me? He has been going through a lot lately though, so I'm sure the abuse will stop soon.
I grabbed my bag and headed downstairs. There was a note on the counter, from my father.
Aubriella,
Had another situation come up at work, don't know when I'll be home. There's money left on the counter.
-Dad
I rolled my eyes, as I looked at the money in front of me. Five hundred dollars, to be exact. My father worked a lot. I would go days without seeing him, sometimes weeks. He worked out of town. He thought his money could buy my love, but honestly, I'd much rather him home, spending time with me, than him buying me fancy cars and living in this huge house, all alone. I can't even remember the last time he told me he loved me. The only person who tells me they love me, is Liam.
I heared a horn and quickly headed outside. I got into Liam's red camaro and was greeted by his cute smile. His smile quickly faded though, when his eyes examined my body.
"What the hell are you wearing, Aubrie?"
I looked down at my outfit and meet his green eyes once again, that were filled with anger.
"A dress?" I replied, more as a question, rather than an answer.
"Go change." He ordered me, coolly.
"What? No!"
His face turned red.
"What did you just say?"
"I said no, Liam. It's way too hot to be wearing jeans today and plus if go and change, we are going to be late, on our first day."
His hand raised and quickly landed on my cheek. Pain shot through my face, as a tear rolled down.
The Game as Dewayne K. Michelle as Paula Tyga as Chance Ray J as Red Rasheeda as Natasha Tika Sumpter as Coco Kirko Bangz as Sean Lil Fizz as RollandLauren London as Christina Demetria McKenny as Janine Lance Gross as Ronnie Natalie Nunn as Rashida Black Chyna as Lindon Akon as (SID group leader) Omari Hardwick as Cole 
A/N
I really love writing and i write because i love. :)
---
I heard the phone ringing out loud. I flinched in the sound but decided to ignore it. I pulled my pillow and cover my ears so i could not hear the noise coming from it.
"Sheesh!" I groaned loudly as the ringing won't stop. Seems like the one calling is really in trouble to call repeatedly.
Still my eyes close, i stretched my right hand in the bedside table to pick up my phone. And since i'm still in the dreamland, it took me almost eternity to answer it.
"H-hello?" I answered without looking at the caller i.d.
I almost jumped out of my bed hearing the yell on the other line. "W-what the hell!? I've been calling you since forever and it takes you  seven tries before you manage to pick up your phone?!"
"I-I a-" 
Before i could answer back, i was rudely cutoff. The caller keeps on ranting about my rudeness in not being able to answer the call within three rings which is still acceptable in phone etiquette 101.
Seriously?! I'm rude? So it is not rude to call at-- i glance at my bed clock that says two-thirty five in the morning- and yell at someone for not picking up the phone within three rings because she was sleeping because it was what normal people do? Seriously, it's rude?
"See!? You're not even listening, what the hell are you doing?!"
Sleeping! I yelled back in my mind. "Uhm, I am j-----" I did not able to finished my excuse when a loud yawn escaped in my mouth.
The caller was silent on the other line. It seems like she had already figured out the reason why.
"I'm sorry, Ken. I didn't know that's it's already too late and that you might be sleeping now." 
Finally! I exclaimed. If this was just a call from another ordinary person, i would surely love to hang up now. But this is not. I felt guilt wrapping my being.
"It's alright, Rain." I said in my usual calm tone.It's alright? You were rudely wake up! My mind mocked.
"Is there anything i could help you?" I asked worriedly. Great! Now you're acting someone's hero again.
I heard the voice on the other line cracked. I am now on my senses as i heard her sniffing.
"Hey, Rain. Are you okay? Where are you? I'll be there." I immediately got out of my bed and walked in my closet to get a decent pair of clothes.
I heard a faint sob which added to my guilt and worries. "Rain, i should be there! Tell me where you are!" I almost yell as I am putting a shirt and jeans on.
After getting her whereabouts, i almost run off of the house as i grabbed my car keys. I saw my sister in the living room as she sits comfortably in the couch still wearing her office uniform. She's into a night shift which didn't bother me a bit. She looked at me and gave me a questioning look. When i didn't answer, she voice it out.
"It's late, where are you going?"
I glanced up at her without slowing my pace. "Down town. Rain needs me to be there." I shout as i reached the front door.
I heard her chuckle and with a shout back she says, "Go ahead and pick up your everyday and every night problematic Girlfriend."
I just rolled my eyes in her sarcastic remarks. She was not really fond of Rain eversince. I didnt have a problem with it though, since she is not prying in my personal life. She's the coolest sister ever.
I drove off the driveway with ease--hurrying up like i have always been when it comes with Lorraine Mckenzie---Rain for short.
We have known each other for three years and have been doing the same cleaning up the mess and all bestfriends's duty whenever she was in trouble. She really was a pain in the ass- but just the same i wonder why i am not still kicking her off. Maybe because i have this strong attraction towards her.
That's a secret--me having this weird feeling towards her. Weird because it's not normal and obviously out of the norm. How many straight girl people fall for their girl best friend? I wouldn't want to know the answer either.
If you'll gonna asked me how i did, i just gonna give you a cold shoulder because i don't even know too. It just came as quick as a lightning and has an after effect as hard as a thunder struck that keeps me paralyzed.
Don't wonder why i cursed Cupid for striking an arrow into me the least moment i expect it. Plain because i don't fall in love---i fucked but never fall. But with Rain, i'm wearing my heart on my sleeves if you know what i mean.
I easily spotted her standing outside whomever the owner of the house holding out a party. Rain is in her usual tank top and mini skirt. She always wear clothes that could hardly cover skin. I cursed and grabbed my gray jacket in the back seat. Good thing i always bring one.
I then slid out of the car and walk in her direction. I immediately wrapped the jacket in her. She looked up at me with her red puffed eyes-which is a result of crying.
"Ken!" She screamed and hugged me tightly. I felt my shirt wettened with her tears. She's crying again!?!
I caress her back gently and was about to asked the reason why when i saw Jack Conner--her boyfriend, flirting with Mandy a.k.a everybody's girlfriend.
I gritted my teeth and clenched my fist. It wouldnt need a genius to figure out what was happening. Rain glance to see whom i'm throwing bloody dagger gazes and with a small voice she confirmed my thought. "H-he says he's fed up with me and wants to break up so he c----"
I didn't let her finished as i marched angrily towards Jack's direction grabbing the collar of his shirt.
"Hey, Kristen! " he greeted ecstatically and gave me a dirty look. Before someone could stop me, i already punch his handsome face and smack him in the wall. I grabbed his left arm in his back as i shoved his front against the dirty cold marble wall. Don't wonder how i managed to flipped a big guy, thanks to my black belt in taekwondo.
Jack shouts in pain as i put pressure in him causing the attention of the party poppers to dawn on us. I heard Rain calling my name to stopped me. But my anger drove me into madness. 
No one can hurt Rain and goes away with it!
"Fuck you, Conner! Don't you dare come near my best friend or i'll wring your neck!! You know i won't have a trouble ripping off your head!!"
I then pushed him hard on the wall and throw a disgusting look at Mandy who just smirked at me. What a slut!
 I then grabbed Rain's wrist and pulled her out of this mess .
"Why did you do that?" She asked as we slid inside my car. 
I smiled and tapped her cheeks lightly as i whispered, "Best friend's duty."
--- A/N 
This is my first book so please bear with me. :)
Copyright © 2014 by Princessalexrules
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
Well roger that, Did you copy that
C-c-copycat
-Nicki minaj
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.
-Leonardo da vinci
"Plus, if you're a copycat, you can never keep up. You're always in a passive position. You never lead; you always follow. You give birth to something that's already behind the times-just a knockoff, an inferior version of the original. That's no way to live."
-Jason Fried
"If you want to be original, be ready to be copied."
- CoCo Chanel
This story is part of a series! All stories are spin-offs of each other and do not need to be read in order but may have some spoilers in the stories that come before them. Here's the order:
1- Lie Until You Laugh- Sienna Mast (Complete)
2- Laugh Until You Cry- Stella Wayne (Complete)
3- Cry Until You Bleed- Ana Shaw (Complete)
4- Bleed Until You Heal- Jo Mast (Complete)
——————————————————————————————————
"If I could live forever, I'd want it to be with you."
"If I could live forever, I'd want it to be with you too. But also on a rocket ship. How do you feel about Saturn?"
"No way. There's too many rings," I tell my best friend with a shake of my head. "What about Pluto?"
"Pluto isn't a planet," Scott tells me. 
"Shut up, it is too a planet," I argue stubbornly. 
"How would you know?"
"Well, if your mommy just decided one day that you weren't her son anymore, would you believe her? You can't just decide things like that! Pluto stays."
"Fine," He resigns, kicking his foot around the wooden floor of the tree house that's built in his backyard around a large leafy tree. We're so high up in the sky that we can see the roof of his house and we can see into my house, the one right next door. Right now, looking out the window of the tree house, I can see my mom and dad fighting in the kitchen. They're just fighting right now but I know what comes next and I don't want to see it so I shut the window door thing.
I don't want Scott to see it either because when he sees them really fight, it scares him so bad. He's only seen it happen a few times, when he's at my house playing, and we have to hide under my bed until it's over. That's why he doesn't come over to my house anymore, because I don't like to see him so scared. 
"Pluto wins again!" I shout cheerfully as I sit down in the bean bag chair that's beside Scott's. 
"You always win but it's only because I let you win," He tells me. 
"I know," I laugh and then there's a small silence before I speak up. "Hey, Scotty?"
"Yeah?"
"What's your favorite thing to do ever?" I ask him curiously. "We play a lot but what's your favorite?"
"Why?"
"Because..." I pause before continuing. "I don't think that I'm going to be here for very much longer and I want to do whatever you want to do."
"You're leaving?"
I nod and I try not to cry but I'm always so bad at not crying. "I think so. Nenna said that she's going to rescue me and my mommy soon."
"Why can't you just live here with me?" Scott wonders. "And when your daddy gets too mad, you can just hide in here with me."
"I don't want to leave you," I say to him. "But Nenna says that it's the only way. I have to go."
"No you don't," He shakes his head at me. "I don't want you to."
"My daddy hurts me, Scotty," I remind him. "I have to go. Maybe you can come with me instead."
"But my mommy would miss me," He tells me. "And she makes pancakes every Saturday."
"I know. It's okay," I mumble. "Anyway, let's play astronaut. That's your favorite game, isn't it?"
 ******BE WARNED! Most of this book is not edited! There are LOTS AND LOTS of mistakes (no joke). Editing is being done to it. If spelling mistakes bother you and you're tempted to comment on them then DON'T READ!
READ AT OWN RISK!!!!!!********
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter 1- The Life of Brooklyn Ryan
* Three days ago*
"What!"
"Who!?"
"Hell no!"
Was the responses coming from my brothers and I. Sitting around the dinner table that we seldom used because our parents were always working so there was never family dinner time. My father cleared his throat about to speak to us again. My mother just sat beside him twirling her fork around in her garden salad.
"Drew you should remember Brody. You use to play with him all the time, you and Kyle. You were all friends when you were younger." Dad continued on, "And you too Brooklyn. They had another brother just around your age."
"Actually Hun, Brooklyn was only a baby. She doesn't know." My mother corrected. Well who ever these boys are I don't remember them or even seen a picture of them. Not even a Christmas card, so who are these people? Five boys that are going to live in my house? Well your guess is just as good as mine.
"Name doesn't ring a bell."Drew mumbled furiously cutting his steak with his knife.
Mom wiped her mouth on a napkin and served herself more food whilst addressing my older brother, "Well their mom asked if we could watch them for a bit. Let them live here for a...a few months-"
"A few months!" Drew yelled slamming his utensils on the table. Don't take my brother's reaction personally against his behavior to my parents, he's just had a bad school day. Detention with Ms. Burns for three hours and Friday detention is something nobody ever wants.
"Drew! Manners! Stop acting this way." Mother shouted sternly, looking bewildered at him.
"Why do they have to live with us!? We're not a babysitter's service!" Drew spoke up.
"You're kind of acting like a prick right now dude. Chill would you?" Kyle told him as silent as one person could tell someone from across the table.
"What do you think Brooklyn?" My mother asked me. Really, they're asking me what I think about having five strange boys living in my house? Seven guys against one girl? Could my dad nor she see the problem in that?
"You're asking me if I want to live in a house with seven guys. Half the time I can't even get along with Drew and Kyle what makes you think I can handle five more?" I ask them. It was true, Drew, Kyle and I would argue at least twice a day. Not even if I locked myself in my room would I ever be able to escape a problem from them.
The relationship between Kyle and I is a whole lot more civil than my relationship with Drew. Drew and I love to argue and shout at each other. He still treats me as a naïve thirteen year old girl whereas Kyle treats me as the responsible sixteen year old I am. And then of course there are the absolute rare times when we're actually nice to each other.
"I second that thought. Five boys with one girl under the roof. Get ready to start being called grandma and grandpa." Drew mumbled in frustration.
"Oh shut up." I bellow, controlling myself to not throw a fork at him. After Drew got chewed, out for his comment dad threw his napkin on the plate sitting back in his chair.
A/N: Trailer is on the side --- >>>This book is a work of fiction! All the character names and places are completely made up and if does exist in real life, is completely coincidental! 
All Rights Reserved Copyright 2014 ©_______________________
"THE TRADITION!" 
In Richmond High, there has been a tradition that always happen every year at the month of May. Everyone in their senior year gets an opportunity to be drawn and whoever gets pick will be the luckiest student in school. 
This 'lucky student' can act like a King or a Queen for the whole month of May doing whatever he or she likes. They get free lunch, no homework, and they can even skip class whenever they want for the entire month. They even get a 'SLAVE' of their own, who will be drawn from the box too. For the past years, a lot of students who got pick took advantage of this but some find it stupid, like Andrea. 
Andrea Carson is a shy, quiet, nerd, boring type of girl. She always hides behind her books not caring about the world until the tradition happened. Unfortunately, Andrea is pick to be the 'SLAVE' of the one and only bad boy, Ryder Collins, who is the 'lucky student' for this year. 
What will happen with the both of them? Is it true that opposite attracts or is it just the saying? Did fate and destiny brought them close together? What's going to happen when Andrea starts to see who the real Ryder is? What will happen when danger approaches Andrea and the only reason she gets in danger is because of Ryder? 
Read and find out about Andrea and Ryder's adventure together.... Well, just wish them good luck.
_______________________
A/N: Casts on the side --- >>>
The air was warm around them. They were only inches apart and Elijah felt his heat radiate towards him. He stared at the mans bare chest with wonder. He'd never seen another mans chest before. His slim fingers trailed through the mans soft brown patch of hair. The tingles were ever so present, they have been there ever since the first day. Always. They were addictive, but he didn't mind. He liked them, more than he should. 
He looked up at the man from under his lashes. His blue eyes shifted to a light purple and back, like a flickering motion. His face flushed under the mans heated gaze, he was captivated. He pushed the shirt off the man, his palm moving over his strong shoulder and down his bicep, tantalisingly slow. 
It seemed like a dream to him, never would he have thought that he would be here, with him, him, the one who made his pulse quicken and his breath hitch, the man who caused the forever flying butterflies and was the reason for his ever present blush. The tingles spread like wildfire on his skin and his eyes fluttered. How long would this last? Another day? Month? He didn't know, he didn't care, he only hoped that they didn't fade... 
That he didn't fade... 
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment. - Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever
"I can't believe you're going to eat that." Hannah chuckled, eyeing the funnel cake that was resting in my hands.
"It's a fair, Han, you're supposed to eat like this." I laughed, taking a big bite of the powdered sugar covered dough and licking my fingers.
"Let me have some." Aaron whined, holding out his large hand with a puppy dog face, his sandy blonde hair waving over his eyes.
I smiled, showing my pearly whites (The advantage of having a dentist father) and picked up a piece of the funnel cake, one with a lot of powdered sugar on it. "Sure, Aaron." I cooed at one of my best friends, bringing the piece of dough up to his mouth but instead of putting it in his mouth, I shoved it onto his nose, making a big white mess on his face. Our whole group of friends, about seven of us, burst into laughter at the sight of Aaron's shocked, messy face. But without a second thought, he wiped the powder off of his nose and then licked his finger.
"Thanks." He said smugly. I crinkled my nose at him in disgust but didn't say anything.
"We should ride the swings." Amy squealed, pointing to the rides behind me.
I spun around, my loose golden brown curls bouncing around my face as my eyes searched the rides for the swings. The sun was setting so the rides were starting to put their lights on, the whole lane of rides were dancing with colorful lights and sounds. From the swings, ferris wheel, the drop tower, the mega slide, and then into the kiddie rides. Not to mention the creepy fun house.
As I turned my attention back to my friends, I noticed another group of teenagers near us, only the group was made up of about five guys. Most of the guys were really cute. Muscular, tall, and tan. But one of them stuck out to me as he, with the rest of his friends, burst into laughter. I could see his breath taking smile and his jet black hair bounce in front of his eyes, eyes that were either a bright green or some kind of blue, but he was too far away for me to really tell. His rounded nose was covered in a light layer of freckles and I could see his abs bouncing with laughter through his Cleveland Browns hoodie. Okay, so I couldn't see his abs because he was wearing a stupid hoodie, but I could tell that they were there, dancing with his laughter. Perfectly. When the said stranger stopped laughing, he stood up straight again and then his mystery eyes looked up, landing on me. Staring at him. Like a creep. But his gaze on me made me incapable of movement, I couldn't look away. It was like he knocked the wind out of me with just one look. Until he smiled, flashing me his perfectly white, straight teeth. I turned back around faster than a blink of an eye and I'm sure I let out a surprised squeal.
Once  I focused back into my group, Amy and Chris were arguing against weather we should ride the swings or the tea cups.
"Why don't we just ride both?" I asked, with somewhat of a stutter.
"Because it's about to rain, we don't have time." Marissa explained, twirling her brown hair with two of her fingers.
"I say we ride the swings." I spoke up.
"Of course you would agree with Amy." Chris huffed.
I stuck my tongue out at him. "I just want to ride the swings."
"Well maybe Chris wouldn't want to ride the tea cups so much if Jade wasn't working right now." Tanya said smugly, causing Chris's face to flush to an all new level of red and everyone else to burst into laughter once more.
"Hey, Maggie." Amy said to me after we all sobered up.
"Yeah?" I looked up at her, but her eyes were fixed on something over my shoulder.
Lima sila. Limang lalaking nagpaiba ng buhay at pananaw ko sa buhay. Limang lalaki na kinakatakutan ng lahat. Limang lalaki na nagpahirap sa akin. Limang lalaki na nagmulat sa akin sa mundo ng pag-ibig.
Johann Laurence Monteverde. Tinitingala ng lahat. Siya ang pinaka fuck boy sa kanilang lima. Gwapo, mayaman, sikat, habulin ng mga babae pero matalino 'daw'. Siya ang Vice President External ng school kaya kilala siya hanggang sa labas ng school.
Frich Dane Montenegro. Ang family nila ang may ari ng school. At kilala sya dahil doon. Siya raw ang hari ng buong campus kaya halos lahat ng estudyante dito ay inaalipin niya. Siya ang President ng Theater Club at Captain ball ng basketball. Isa siya sa malakas mam bully sa campus. At syempre siya ang best friend ni Laurence.
Paul Salvador. Unlike ng mga kaibigan nya may 2% pa syang tinatagong kabaitan. Best friend ni Dad ang daddy nya. Close kami dati pero nagbago yun ng maging kaibigan nya ung apat na yun.
Voss Corween Lee. Pangalan pa lang niya alam mo ng bossy sya. Siya ang pinakamayabang sa grupo nila. Pinaka weak pagdating sa pag aaral pero pinaka hot pagdating sa dance floor.
Yvan Mendoza. Suki ng Faculty Room at Pricipal's Office dahil sa pambubully nya. Isa siya sa pinaka kinaiinisan ko sa kanila. Bukod sa pagiging suki ng Faculty Room, tinagurian din syang 'Boyfriend ng Bayan' dahil halos lahat ng babae sa campus eh naging girlfriend na niya. 
Kumpleto na sila. Ang Taylor Gang.  
Ang sisira ng bawat araw nyo.
At ng buong buhay nyo.
Humanda na kayo sa kanila.
Sa mga taong walang patutunguhan ang buhay.
But wait..
May kulang pa pala.
Amber Rose Alvarez. Siya ang kukumpleto sa grupo nila. Dahil kung wala sya, wala silang masisira at magugulong buhay. Wala silang mabubully. Maganda siya pero hindi siya sikat gaya ng lima. Transferee siya kaya mga kaklase nya at ang mga teachers lang ang nakakakilala sa kanya. Matalino sya at palaging libro ang hawak di gaya ng ibang babae na puro suklay at cellphone ang hawak. 
Get ready.
Dahil ang maganda, maayos at nananahimik  kong buhay...
Ngayon ay magugulo ng dahil sa Taylor Gang.
---A/N
Anyeong readers!
This is my first story by the way. I will not promise that I can update immediately due to my studies but I can promise that I can make a better story so don't be confuse to add my story on your library.
Soundtrack
Whitney
Demi Lovato - Don't forget
Colbie Caillat - Fallin' for you
Lily Allen - Smile
Lily Allen - F*** You
New Order - Ceremony
Sol Seppy - Enter one
Stina Nordenstam - Little Star
The Pretty Reckless - Heart
Yamashita Kousuke - Cloud Noon (Whitney's The Cuervos theme)
Yamashita Kousuke - Growning
Rai
Angus and Julia Stone - Big jet plane
Between the Trees - Darlin'
Coldplay - Fix you
Everclear - Local God (The Cuervos main theme)
Jon McLaughlin - Beautiful disaster
Josh Groban - So she dances (Fountain theme)
Landon Pigg - Sailed on
Mumford & Sons - After the storm
The Fray - Never say never
The Fray - Say when
Seconds turned into minutes while I paced back and forth inside the bathroom. Who would have known that an answer on a stick would cost you a life time? The world seemed to stop in its pace as I waited for the minutes to be over. I stopped pacing and looked at the time on my phone. 6:30 pm. I blew out a big breath of air and walked slowly to the counter where my future is being held from. Picking up the stick made me realize that if this is answer is what I think it is, everything is going to be different. I closed my eyes and hoped for the best. I opened them and almost fainted.
…Positive…
Ariel Lynn Wilson isn’t your popular type, she isn’t a somebody but then she isn’t a nerd. She is just an average high school teen. Her parents are wealthy and she is a good child. Arden Holt is the schools' bad ass, he is popular but is only popular because of his badness and lack of good work.  So what happened?  Ariel made a mistake and slept with him. When he finds out he isn’t going to want to have anything to do with the baby, but could his mind change, could this baby change him for the better?
I'm going to be so late.
I'll get a detention.
This is stupid. Why don't I set a damn alarm?
It's 8:45am and if I'm not in school by 9am, I'm screwed. My school's so bloody strict that I wouldn't be surprised if I got excluded for being late. The advantages of going to a private school, hey? Lord knows what my Mum was thinking sending me here. I'm the least sophisticated person in Britain.
"Megan, I'm not calling school this time to get your ass out of a detention!" Mum calls from the bottom of the stairs. 
I roll my eyes and quickly tie my brown hair up in a pony tail. I'm thinking of dying it blonde but-
"Megan, get the hell down here!" Mum screams, snapping me out of my thoughts.
"I'm coming, chill out" I call back, snatching my bag off the floor and running downstairs to where I'm greeted by my mother who's trying desperately to look disappointed in me. In actual fact, she doesn't really care if I'm late to school. She knows that if I am, the school will tell me off anyway so it's no skin off her nose.
"This has detention written all over it" she chuckles slightly, a smile breaking onto her face. I groan and jog out of the house, into the car.
I get to school at 8:58am, just before the bell rings which is an absolute miracle. If Mum didn't drive 20mph past the speed limit the whole way to school, we never would have made it. I also had to run into the main building like freaking Usain Bolt to make sure I was inside before 9.
"I didn't think you were gonna make it this time" Kyle laughs as I approach him, checking his watch.
"Don't even start" I groan, leaning against the lockers as I catch my breath.
"I tell you time and time again to set an alarm. You don't bloody listen" Amelia shakes her head in amusement. 
"Anybody else want to slate me for being late?" I raise an eyebrow, too tired to even begin throwing comebacks.
The bell rings immediately after our conversation and I make my way to my English class, hoping to get a bit of sleep in there.
I throw my bag onto the table as I slump down into my seat at the back of the class. I wrap my arms around my bag and rest my head on it, creating a reasonable pillow for myself. It should be comfy for about half an hour.
"Megan!"
I jump up from my bag at the roaring in my ear. Shoot, how long have I been out?
"What?" I groan, rubbing my head slightly to cure the possible headache that's about to come.
"You've slept through fifteen minutes of my lesson!" my teacher nags. I close my eyes to stop myself from rolling them and getting into some serious trouble. "Are you even listening to me?"
"Yes, you're just screaming at me and it's giving me headache" I sigh. I swear this is like, harassment or something. I could get her arrested for shouting at me for sleeping in her boring ass lesson. 
She's just such a lame teacher. Her voice is so monotonous and if anybody is caught talking you get sent out of her class. She once made me stand with my back to the class, facing the wall because I asked Sammy for a pen.
"Excuse me?" she growls.
"Right, I'm awake now. Stop shouting, oh my-"
"You've been asleep for fifteen minutes whilst I was trying to teach all of you!"
"Yes, you've said" I frown. 
I'm usually polite to all the teachers, or at least have a bit of respect for them, but this teacher's woke me up from my sleep and I'm definitely not a morning person. I can barely control what's coming out of my mouth right now and I know I'm going to be in so much trouble for this. Falling to sleep is bad enough but answering back is like breaking the law in this school.
",Jamie! Get your sorry excuse of a ass in here, Now!,"Miss Walter yelled as she towered over a small single sized bed.
Jamie came running as told, his body shaking and already terrified of the old woman's anger. He looked down at his belongings, rip and torn all over the bed he had called his own. Fear clearly covering his paled face.
",You little ungrateful brat, no wonder your parents dumped you here," miss Walter yelled before she pulled back her armed hand and let the 'bad boy' stick come falling down on the back of his already battered head. The poor boy let out a blood chilling scream as he fell to the ground. Now holding where he had been hit Jamie looked up at Miss Walter and whimpered.
",I......I didn't do this," He cried out in pain again as she lifted her arm again and swung the stick down upon his back, this time twice as hard.
",Who Then? WHO!!," the stick struck him many times after that, until he became numb to the pain and his eyes became blood shot from the tears.
Where were his parents? Why'd they leave him in this horrible place?! What Did he do? He could fix it! He was sure he could fix what he had done, he just wanted them to come back and take him away from this place, even if it was only for a little while.
", I didn~,"
",Shut Your Mouth!! Your Voice Sounds Like A Dying Cat ," Miss Walter yelled through her rotting teeth.
Jamie shook at Miss Walker's words before she hit him again. But this tume was different, when warm liquid started to drip down his back he looked in amazement, the blood seemed so pretty to him, yet at the same time he felt a great dread. The boy had never seen a liquid so red before, but as the more blood dripped down his back the weaker Jamie got, barely able to keep his eyes open. But dispite his efferts to stay wake the weak boy soon fell unconscious from the pain inflicted upon him. Hitting his head pretty hard against the stone floor, sending more pain though his body, making him to whimper yet again on impacted.
Miss Walter cringed at the sight of the blood covered boy. She glared down at the limp body and turned on her heal, walking away with a huff, and muttering about the mess he had made.
", Great, now I'll have to clean up the blood stained floor, useless sack of bones,"
..............................................................
It was cold and dark, all Jamie could see was a broken pathway. A younger version of himself stood in front of him, his hands covering his eyes as his sobs echoed through the empty space. 
",its.........its n-not my fau-fault," the younger Jamie cried ", its......its not,"
Jamie's tears started to run down his face as he tried to walk toward his younger self, but to no use, he fell to the ground.
Run Demon Child!
You did it!
Its your fault!
The voices in his head started to chant, when he looked back at his younger self the sight made him freeze. His younger self lay lifeless on the ground, cuts, bruise and blood covered his body, his tears were now blood running down his cheek. A strange uneasiness stung him when he walked towards the boy, it didn't quite look like him, be the slightly lighter shade of colour in his hair or the darker tone of the boy's skin. He felt pain stab him in chest, who was this boy? This wasn't him.
Jamie opened his eyes to the pain of the cold, muddy, but hard concrete hitting his back. He grimaced at the pain and looked up to Miss Walter grinning widely, Almost like a mad man.
Hi everyone :)  This is my first story on here, and I would really appreciate all the support I can get :)
Thanks, I hope you enjoy it!
Chapter 1- Ella's POV
"Hey, this is actually good," I said to Nathan, whilst pointing to the baguette that I had just bought from the school canteen. He looked at it, and then at me, and smirked. Attractive, I have to say. I'm so lucky to have met him.
"I told you some of the stuff is good here," he replied.  
"Yeah but food from school usually sucks," I said.  
"This school is pretty special, though," he told me with a grin, leaning closer. Flirt.
Today was my first day at college, and right now I was during break time. Unfortunately, none of my friends from my other school had applied for the college I had gotten into, so I was left stranded on my own. Luckily for me though, while I was putting books into my new locker, I bumped into Nathan, who had the locker next to mine. He seemed to take an immediate liking to me, and he introduced himself.  
I found talking to him quite flattering actually, because he was a good looking guy, with spiky blond hair and dark green eyes, and he was really popular at school. He was repeating the first year in college, and while talking to each other, we found out that we happen to have art together, which was the lesson right after break today. Since I had no clue to where the art room was, Nathan had invited me to join him and his friends for lunch, and then we could go to the lesson together. I accepted, feeling thankful that I had already become friends with someone. Right now we were seated in the canteen, with a group of around six people, made up from two other guys and four girls, apart from the two of us. 
"So what do you like doing, Ella?" Nathan asked with the same smirk. I looked at him questioningly, and he added, "On weekends." 
"Oh... I go out with my friends," I replied, still munching on the baguette.  I wanted to eat, not talk. Although Nathan was attractive, he wasn't really to my liking. I preferred older guys.
"You should go out with us sometime," Daniel, one of Nathan's friends, told me. He raised an eyebrow. "It'll be fun."  
"Um, sure," I said, smiling at him. He smiled back, and held on to my gaze until I started feeling uncomfortable and looked away. What is it with Nathan and his friends? I turned to him. "So, who is our art teacher?" I asked, changing the subject.  
Nathan chuckled. "We have three art teachers, not one. And they're all annoying. Each one worse than the other." 
"Really?" I asked, disappointed. It's never good to have bad teachers teaching your favourite subject.
"Yup," he said, popping the 'p'. He took a sip from his drink, and put the bottle back on the table. "There's this one in particular who's really bad, he thinks he's a model or something. And he flirts with all the girls. He dislikes me. And the feeling's mutual."
I laughed. Everyone always talked about teachers who think they're so great, and are flirts, but I had never had one like that teaching me. This should be interesting. "Seriously?" I asked.
I noticed, however, that Nathan wasn't really paying attention to me anymore, but he was glaring at the canteen door. I turned to look at what he was looking at, and saw the most good looking guy entering. He had dark brown hair, which looked like it needed a haircut, and piercing dark blue eyes, and his face was perfect. He was also tall... which made him look like a model.
I woke up with a bad feeling in my gut, I ignored it and walked into my closet pulling out my clothes for today and walking to the bathroom to get in the shower. 
I stripped out of my pajamas and walked into the shower, turning the water on to a comfortable temperature and got in. I let the hot water run down my body, I picked up my strawberry shampoo, sandwiching the soap between my hands. I ran my fingers through my hair, massaging the shampoo in my hair. I rinsed it out and applied honey scented conditioner to my hair, letting it soak in as I shaved my legs. Once I finished shaving I rinsed the conditioner out of my hair and washed my body with soap and walking out of the shower. 
I dried off and got changed into a tank top that was black with sunflowers, a pair of light blue shorts overalls, and I added a pair of black high tops. 
I walked downstairs grabbing an apple and picking up my school bag and throwing it over my shoulder. I walked outside and to my mint coloured Volkswagen Beetle and got in. I threw my bag to the back seat and started up my car. 
I drove out of my driveway and down the street until I made it to the large building that I go to Monday-Friday. 
School. 
I parked my car and walking into the large glass doors. As soon as I step foot in the building I was shoved and the person who shoved me didn't even bother to say sorry. 
Welcome to my life. 
In school I'm the invisible girl that no one knows exists. 
I am 17, 5' 3", I have hazel eyes, dark brown hair, a few freckles beneath my eyes, and no one ever notices my existence.
I made it up to my locker upstairs, and pulled out stuff I would need for the first half of the day before lunch. 
I walked to my first period class and sat down waiting for my one and only friend, Lindsey. I pulled out my phone and saw that I had a missed call from my mom. 
I texted her asking what she needed and waited for her to respond. If she is at work, she won't respond to me and I will just have to wait till I get home from school because she is a chemical engineer and isn't aloud to being her phone into the chemical plant.
"Hey Joey!" Lindsey called out. I looked up and saw my blonde best friend making her way to me. 
Lindsey is so pretty. She has beautiful blonde hair with bouncy curls, bright ocean blue eyes, she has perfectly straight pearl white teeth, and she had an amazing body because she exercises every morning. 
"Hey Linsey!" I said smiling and greeting her with a hug. 
"Why you are all smiley today?" I asked because Lindsey has been smiling since she walked over to me. I don't know what happened but I'm guessing that it was good. 
"Jack and I went on a date last night and I really like him." She said giggling. I have never seen Lindsey this happy so I'm happy for her.
I made it through the first 4 periods and made my way to the cafeteria where all the magic happens. What can I say? I love food.
I ordered my lunch, a piece of pizza and an apple with a water bottle, and I started walking to Lindsey and I's usual table. As I was walking to my table minding my own business, someone else's body collides with mine. 
My pizza slaps onto my shirt, spreading pizza sauce all over it. My apple and water bottle go gliding across the floor and the whole cafeteria goes dead silent. 
I looked ahead of me and saw a pair of hot pink pumps that if I even stood up in I would face plant, as I looked up I saw a pair of VERY short shorts, a revealing top, and the person who collided with me. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Excuse the mistakes
This is a prologue kind of thing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The first time my mom set me up on a date, I was a slightly overweight, pubescent twelve-year-old with oily skin and frizzy red hair. I had the occasional stutter when I felt like I was under pressure, and I was as awkward as people come. 
I think it’s obvious that the date didn’t go well. Not at all. 
“Go ahead, Sweetheart.”
I reluctantly peeled my eyes away from my shoes and looked up at my mom. Her red painted lips were stretched in a wide, hopeful grin, and she leaned towards me with one arm on the steering wheel. 
“Mom, are you sure this is a good idea?” I asked, knotting my hands in the hem of my shirt nervously. “I don’t really know this boy…” my voice trailed off, and I started to pick at the nail polish on my fingernails. 
When I get nervous, I fidget. A lot.
“Reed,” My mom said, sighing dramatically, “Dallas is a wonderful boy. I was talking to his mother just the other day, and she told me that he is very open and kind.”
“Oh,” I breathed, and I swallowed hard. This wasn’t going to go well. I could feel it in the pit of my stomach. 
You see, my mom is a matchmaker. No, that’s not right. She is The matchmaker. My mom is responsible for the happy relationships of many, including millionaires and celebrities you’d find plastered across the covers of tabloid. 
In some ways, it was cool to have a celebrity matchmaker as a mom. I got to meet people most teenagers only dreamed of meeting, and I got to hear all these funny stories about botched dates. In other ways, though, it was awful.
My mom thought that she would be able to find me the perfect guy, since she had so many success stories.  She believed it was best to start as soon as puberty hit, which was an opinion we greatly differed on. However, here I was being dropped off for my first date with a guy I barely knew from school. 
“Reed, Dallas is in the restaurant waiting for you,” my mom huffed, jutting her perfectly manicured finger towards the small, French place she’d picked out for us. “Get in there before he thinks you died, or worse, stood him up!”
“It’s not like I have that option,” I muttered under my breath, and I unbuckled my seatbelt. 
“What was that?” my mom snapped.
“Nothing,” I replied hurriedly, and I opened the passenger door and climbed down out of the car. “When are you picking me up?” I asked, straightening my skirt.
“I’ll be back at six-thirty,” my mom stated. Then she smirked, “That should give you enough time to get to know Dallas.”
“Right,” I drawled, and I adjusted the strap of my purse on my shoulder. I closed the car door behind me, and I let out a deep breath before walking into the restaurant. “I’m supposed to be meeting someone here,” I said to the man standing at the host’s podium.
“A young boy?” he replied, with an obviously fake French accent. I nodded, and he smiled. “Right this way, Miss.”
I followed the man through the small, intimate setting towards the back of the restaurant. As we walked, I couldn’t help but notice how weird this setting was for two twelve-year-olds. Frankly, I agreed. My mom had really gone overboard with this one.  Finally, the man brought me back to a table where a boy, who I assumed to be Dallas, was sitting. 
“H-h-hi,” I said, and then I mentally kicked myself for stuttering and sounding like a loser.
“You must be Reed Hadley?” Dallas said, and he stood up and shook my hand. 
“And you’re D-D-Dallas,” I replied, and I noticed that  Dallas winced at the way my words came out. You know, if he was being a polite date, Dallas wouldn’t make me feel bad for having a speech problem. I’m just saying. 
From there, the date went downhill. It ended up getting so awkward that I texted my mom and lied about getting my first period, just so she would come get me early. Dallas and I never went out again, and we avoided each other at school. 
Still, my mom kept getting me together with guys, much to my annoyance. It’s like she had a secret agenda to have me married before the age of twenty-five. My dad was more of the silent, passive type. So, I pretty much was left on my own to combat my mom’s boy crazy ways. 
Many times, I found myself arguing with her about being able to find my own boyfriend when I was ready, but she just didn’t listen. In her own, strange way, my mom cared about my happiness. Her way of showing it, though, was pretty annoying. 
What I needed was a way to get her off my case about boys. 
 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So, I realized that the stories I've previously posted are all more "heavy" in subject matter, if you know what I mean. So, I decided to write a humor. I'm actually a funny person, so I thought I'd try it :)
This chapter is dedicated to Buggy11 because she was a big help in figuring stuff out
Leave some feedback, everyone!
FAN
VOTE
SHARE
COMMENT
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Willow-
I screwed up, twice. This is my last chance, to make someone proud of me, anyone. I just wish I could go home, where I grew up. I put on a dark gray crop top, black skinny jeans. I grab an apple and my keys off the counter. I hop on my motorcycle and sped off. I get a lot of weird looks getting off my bike probably because I'm a girl on a motorcycle.
"What," I snap."Never seen a motorcycle."I walk to the school doors and yell,"Take a picture it'll last longer." Believe it or not, they actually take out their phones and take a picture. I head to the front office to get my schedule and books. On my way to my way to class, I bump into someone.
"Watch where you're going." I snap
"Do you know who you're talking to," a husky male voice snaps back. Great first day and I manage to bump into the school's bad boy, my luck.
I look up at him and smirk, I can tell he's shocked, showing no one's ever questioned him "Well since I'm new here I don't," then I just leave. I don't waste my time on him knowing he's probably fucked every girl in the school. The crowd surrounding us uproars with murmurs, as I stalk off towards my homeroom. In the background, I hear a snobby voice,"Hey babe who was that." I look back at him he pushes off the clingy girl off of him and walks away.
It's finally lunch thank God. I take out my brown sack full of snacks. As soon as I'm about to sit down someone calls out.
"Hey, new girl overhears," that guy I think I'll call him dickhead yells at me. I scoff without looking in his direction and walk out of the lunch room. I venture out only to stumble across the library. I proceed in there to find my favorite book, Afterworlds by Scott Westerfeld. After I find it, I sit down and start reading it for like the hundredth time while eating a peanut nature valley bar.
Someone taps me on the shoulder, "Excuse me." a feminine voice interrupts me.
I look at my page number then close the book and look up at her,"Yes."
"Um. I just wanted to say hi. I could tell you're new here so I just thought I'd welcome you to Ridgeview High."
I smile at her. It's very easy to tell she nervous, the stutter, the sweat on her hands, the uneasiness in her eyes, it's something most people wouldn't notice. But I'm not most people.
"What's your name?"
"Oh.. I'm Amber, Amber Rose."
"Willow." I reach my hand out. She shakes my hand and we continue to talk about random things. I can tell she's warming up to me she talks more relaxed, not as tense as before. Sadly lunch ends but before we part ways I stop her.
"Hey is it cool if I call you Flame," I call out
She laughs a flips her rust-colored hair around her shoulder," Yeah, sure." After that she left, leaving me alone with thousands of books. I put Afterworlds back where I found it and went to my next class, math.
Copyright © Emily J. - NerdyBirdie of Wattpad.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the author. 
~
Author's Note; Hey guys! So, welcome to Sweetly Yours!  This is my NaNoWriMo 2O12 novel--and I'm a winner! This is the first novel I've EVER completed, and I'm sososo happy! This will be uploaded all through December, I'll probably edit a chapter and then post it for you all. Hope you like the prologue--yes it's a bit long (I got a bit too carried away), but the bigger the better, right?
Enjoy, my dear readers!
~
Sweetly Yours
Prologue; Sweetly Stupid
Crunch. Crunch. Crunch.
The frosty snow, which lay thickly on the ground beneath me, made a satisfying crunch with each heavy step I took in my thick fur boots, as I wandered up the lonely street towards the centre of the town. As I passed each house, the bright colours of Christmas lights greeted me, shimmering merrily. It was still light; only 2 o'clock, but it seemed everyone in the town was wrapped up in the Christmas spirit.
Well, it was the 22nd of December, and with only three days to go until the long-awaited 25th, I suppose it was justified.
I passed various snowmen on my casual stroll down the street, some quite artistic with defined features, others just odd blobs of snow with a manky carrot for a nose and a faded old woollen hat plonked on top.
A soft smile graced my lips as I passed a few young children having a snowball fight in a snowy garden, bundled in layers of coats, hats, scarves, gloves, each sporting adorably rosy cheeks and little red noses. Memories of my own snowy childhood passed through my mind, building snowmen with Mama, making snow angels with my older sister, Gabby, snowball fights with Cameron, my older brother.
They had both left school now, Gabby in her first year at Oxford University, studying medicine, and Cameron at his second year at the local college, training to be an electrician. I'd be joining them in the 'big wide world' in two years, currently still in high school; in my first year of Sixth Form doing my A Levels.
A robin singing merrily, perched on a snowy branch of a nearby tree, broke me away from my thoughts, and back to the present. Robins were such lovely little birds, just like Winter was such a lovely season.
Ah, Winter. A truly magical time of year, my personal favourite. This year, however, was going to be quite unlike any other.
This year, I was taking a risk.
My hands tightened around the small wrapped package they held preciously in their clutches, and I took a deep breath of frosty air as I thought of where I was heading, where the package was destined.
Two words; Jamie Bright.
Jamie Bright was the perfect, dream guy, a great find for any girl. He was smart, funny, sweet, athletic--not to mention extremely good looking. He was my age, seventeen, and I had been fantasising about him shamelessly for the past six months.
Yes, I had counted.
I would've struck up a conversation with him months ago, but I couldn't pluck up the courage. With practically no experience in the world of boy, I was clueless. I mean, were you meant to just talk normally to the guy you 'like'? Or are you supposed to, I don't know, clearly put across the message that you like them? How were you supposed strike up a conversation; were there certain topics?
Hello my dear readers! How ya doing???😀 I really hope you like the story and there will be steamy parts in the story but I'll give a warning!!😀😀😀 so don't worry. 
I'm really happy that you chose reading this book... I am really excited on this!! 
Any of you guys like werewolf stories?? 
I've worked some..
Like...
*He's my Alpha( you could check it all in my profile) 
*Mated to a Criminal 
*You're my mate
😍😍😍😍thank u all so much!!
Chapter One
Charlotte
I woke up to my growling stomach. Even in the darkness of night, I could see remarkably clear. Normally, I was almost blind without my glasses, but this didn't seem to faze me.
I turned my head and looked down at my best friend, Karla. A part of me wanted to wake her up and tell her I was hungry. Even though she and I had been friends since preschool, I still felt awkward roaming in her parents' kitchen without her. Don't get me wrong, I loved Mrs. And Mr. Steele, but digging around in their fridge for a midnight snack seemed a bit intrusive, especially for me.
After a couple seconds of debating what to do, I finally jump off the bed with every intention of heading downstairs alone. Karla had a slight smile on her face, and I didn't have the heart to wake her from what had to be a good dream.
Tiptoeing down the hallway, I made it to the stairs without making a sound. Although they were a little trickier and creaked with each step I took, I reached the kitchen without so much as waking the dog.
A rather content smile formed on my face as I opened the refrigerator door. My stomach growled with approval. I reached in and grabbed the milk, and I started to turn around to head for the cookie jar when I was paralyzed by his deep, husky voice.
"Hasn't anyone ever told you that you shouldn't eat after eight o'clock?" 
I looked up at Christian and smirked devilishly. "What can I say? I'm kind of a rebel."
I was surprised by my straightforwardness. Normally, I was shy and timid, and Christian Steele, Karla's older brother, never paid me much attention. He saw me, but never saw me. He talked to me, but never talked to me. He was Bridgewalk's most confirmed player, and he never socialized with people younger than himself, aside from his sister and cousins.
I was amazed that he was actually talking to me.  Ordinarily, he would just walk by without glancing in my direction.
This night just became a lot more interesting. Maybe he was noticing me because I wasn't wearing my glasses.
Why didn't I need my glasses?
The thought drifted away when his voice dropped an octave, "What kind of rebel?" He took a slow step toward me. "A naughty one?"
The look in his eyes made me catch my breath. He wanted me. Christian Steele, truly, and honestly, wanted me.
"Maybe," I answered in a whispery voice.
I stepped toward him. My hands were aching to grab him, and my heart was thumping wildly. Christian Steele wanted me and soon I was going to have him. Every girl in Bridgewalk would be envious of me because he wasn't just going to take my virginity, we were going to be a couple. He was going to love me, and I was going to love him.
Like everyone in Bridgewalk, I knew that Christian wasn't a virgin stealer. Yes, he slept around with a lot of girls, but they were always experienced girls. He would never take a girl's innocence no matter how much they begged. Everyone knew that about him. He was a player with morals.
So, when Christian said, "I want you Charlotte, and tonight, I'm going to have you." I knew, me and him, we were going to be together forever.
After tonight, I was going to be dating the sexiest man on earth. Little Charlie Locke, known for my high grades and mad chess skills, was going to be dating this town's most eligible bachelor. This was a dream come true. After years of crushing on Christian, he was going to be mine!
He reached for my waist and pulled my body up against his. Without further ado, his lips crashed down on mine with a primitive urgency. My hands reached up toward his head and grabbed onto his soft, light brown locks. His hair wasn't too long, but not too short. It was just long enough for me to run my fingers through, but short enough to still be fashionable.
"Oh Christian," I moaned against his lips.
He pulled me tighter against him before reaching down and grabbing onto my lower thighs, the part that wasn't covered by my pink chic boxers. Swiftly, I was being lifted into the air, and then placed down on the island counter.
He spread my legs open before fitting himself between them. I could feel his excitement pressing against my inner thigh even through the fabrics of our clothes. This only made me more excited and maybe just a tad fearful. His lips came back down on mine, but this time with a savageness that I couldn't manage to express.
His tongue eagerly evaded my mouth, and the sweet lemony taste of him enveloped my senses. I felt like I could melt. My insides were exploding with sensation I never dreamt possible. As his hands roamed my body, I felt like I was being zapped with pleasurable shocks.
His right hand slid down my arm and then back up before grabbing onto my breast. I gasped, and he moaned.
"Charlie, you're so gorgeous," he said each word between kisses.
It felt like someone let butterflies loose in my stomach, and my heart was hammering inside me. I was sure it was going to burst out of my chest at any moment. After all these years, he finally wanted me.
"Oh, Christian, this is like a dream!"
His lips pressed against the tender skin on my neck causing heat to spread through my body. "That's because it is a dream, Charlie."
I froze. "What?"
He continued to kiss me like his words didn't just stupefy me. But then, he pulled away from me and looked down with an evil grin. It was so foreign on his face. Christian normally wore a mischievous smirk like he knew secrets that no one else did. It was his trademark smile. But this was not it. This was evil, and malicious.
This was not Christian.
"This is a dream you silly girl." He laughed. "Do you actually think I would waste my time with you in real life? Look at you." He looked me up and down with disgust. "You're a geek. A nerd. The only thing you are good for is doing people's homework."
His laughter grew louder, and louder, and louder, until finally I woke up with a loud gasp.
And then my stomach growled.
I am a french girl who feeds on romance novels with bad boys. I am not a writer. I'm just having fun writting. Don't hesitate on telling me what you think about it !  
Prologue 
~*Goodbye Paris, xoxo*~
Catalina's POV 
The soft sound of the calligraphy pen writing across the piece of white paper filled the large room. Each stroke in sync with my pounding heart beat. Anxiety crawls its way up my throat, cutting my supply of air slightly. My bones start to tremble, the vibration causing a ringing in my ears. My eyes fill with tears as I keep the desperate cries from leaving my chapped lips. With a shaky hand I finish the ending of the letter, folding the paper and writing his name on it. 
As I tip toe out the room I glance over my shoulder one last time at the large bed where he laid sleeping soundly. I watch as his eyelids flutter. His bare sun kissed chest rise up and down with every steady breath. His fingertips grasp the white bed sheets. I stand a moment more as I try to memorize his chiseled jawline, his full pink lips, his black curly hair, and the dragon tattoo permanent etched into his skin. 
The early morning sunlight which traveled its way into the dark inky room radiated from all four walls. Acting as a kaleidoscope, multiple colors rising everywhere. A groan escaped his lips causing me to stay absolutely still. Motionless I watch him flip onto his stomach. Before he could wake up fully I close the wooden door with a soft click. 
Each step I took down the stairs and towards the steel elevator doors was agonizing. I didn't want to leave. Not this way. Yet I have to. If I stay until he is awake and tell him of my sudden departure he will only convince me to stay here in Paris with him. My entire being would have jumped with joy at spending the rest of my existence by his side, but I have to leave before my old life comes across the seas and drags me back.
Before I enter the elevator Hilda, his maid, calls my name from the foyer in which she stands. Hilda is a short plump woman. Her skin is that of porcelain with freckles scattered across her nose. Her eyes are a pale green. Her hair is brown and up in her usual bun. She's wearing her usual uniform. 
" Miss. Samantha where are you leaving to so early in the morning?" She asks in her thick Bulgarian accent. Using the name I made up instead of my real one. Panic surges through me as I try to come up with a reasonable excuse as to why I'm leaving at the crack of dawn. 
" I have to go to the nearest store for female products." I gave her a look. Hilda quickly caught on. 
" Oh! Okay. I'll tell Mr. Dimitri. Will you be back for breakfast?" My heart skipped a beat before it raced when she said his name. 
" Of course." I lie straight through my teeth. " I'll be back soon. Don't worry." She nods before she walks off and I press the button for the elevator doors to close. 
" Good morning Samantha!" I look at Gus, the charming young man sitting behind the front desk in the lobby. 
" Oh! Morning Gus." I give him a strained smile as I try to casually continue walking towards the glass doors separating me from the real world. 
" Where are you heading to so bright and early?" He asks, curiosity laced in his tone. 
" Farmers market. I need to buy some groceries for breakfast." I easily lie. 
" A woman who can cook can win the heart of any man." I let out a nervous laugh. " Safe journey." I nod and quickly rush out the doors. 
I don't grab a cab in front of the tall building. Knowing Dimitri he'll grab the video footage and track down the taxi's number. I walk down the street and turn the corner. I walk another full six blocks turning here and there. I finally hail a cab in front of a mom and pop cafe. 
" Where to?" The man asks in a French accent. 
" The airport." He nods before pulling away and joining the rest of the early morning traffic.
As I climb up the steps onto my fathers private plane I stop to take one last glimpse of Paris, one of my favorite cities. The cold lifts my hair and kisses my cheeks. I stare at the Eiffel Tower. Millions of memories invade my mind. I almost collapse as heart ache runs throughout my burning veins. The woman telling me to board keeps me from breaking down into sobs. Before I enter I bare a farewell to the love of my life, who I'll never see again.
KEEPING UP WITH CADE
They hooked up a lot. It was nothing else even if she wanted it to be - which she didn't. It was convenient because he lived with her best friend - and it was good. What more could she want? 
...
Chapter One - Distractions in the kitchen
'Blair? Can you get me a drink too please?'
She heard Hailey call out but barely registered the words as Cade had her pinned against the kitchen counter. She turned her head to follow his muscular arm from behind her shoulder, up to his stony face. He wasn't smiling at her - nothing new, but he didn't have to because he had a sexy serious face on that made Blair's knees go weak.
All he had to do was catch her eye briefly across the room for her to blush, or raise an eyebrow at her for her heart to start that thumping thing it did whenever he was around.
'You knew I had a huge assignment to do tonight, why are you here?' He demanded, his tone was serious and he was clearly annoyed with her.
Blair opened her mouth to speak but nothing came out. She tried again but he was so close she felt his minty breath on her face she found it hard to concentrate on anything.
'I... uh, I'm watching a movie with Hailey. I was going to stay out of your way...' She protested weakly as his face moved closer to hers, stopping a millimetre away.
'Not good enough,' he replied simply, crashing his mouth onto hers. The kiss was rough and desperate, he'd been wanting to do it ever since he heard her silky laughter downstairs from his room. Now he had her in front of him, doing that trembling thing she did so well making him want to carry her upstairs immediately.
'Blair? Hurry up, what the hell is taking so long?' Hailey called out again from the living room merely a few meters away.
He felt her push him away. He rolled his eyes at her attempt as she was so damn weak it was ridiculous, but he stepped back anyway not wanting Hailey to find them.
'Are you staying over?' He asked bluntly watching her get two glasses of juice from the fridge.
She looked over her shoulder at him leaning against the counter, his arms folded over his bare chest practically drawing attention to his muscular arms and toned body. 'Of course,' she shrugged trying to play it cool even though she knew she was bright red at the thought of them together again that night.
'I'll see you later then.'
'You have an assignment to do,' she pointed out.
'By the time Hailey goes to sleep I'll have it done... besides,' he paused raking over her body with his eyes. 'You've got me all worked up now.'
Blair blushed madly and made a beeline out of the kitchen and into the living room where her best friend was shaking her head at her.
'What the hell? That's the last time I ask you to get me a drink. My grandma would have done that faster, and she's dead!' Hailey was incredulous.
Blair burst out laughing, breaking free from the zombie-like hold Cade had over her when they were alone.
...
Two Months earlier . . .
Blair Anstey had been best friends' with Hailey for longer than she could remember. Hailey's parents were like her own, feeding her, housing her, they bought two of everything without even thinking. When Hailey's Dad came home from business trips with a snow globe of the latest city he'd been in, he always has an extra one for Blair. When Hailey's Mum cooked dinner each night she never asked Blair to stay, she just assumed she was. It wasn't like Blair's parents were bad or anything. They just worked a lot, leaving money for Blair to buy dinner and lunch each day.
Ari's POV
"But dad!!!!!!!" I crossed my arms over my chest and pouted. He snorted and shook his head. 
"I'm sorry Peanut. But hey! They wont know that you're Agent 23, so there will be no problem for you to keep that... Nerd disguise up!" He said with a half hearted smile. 
I stuck my tounge out at him just because his bad attempt of cheering me up sucked balls.
Yep. That might have been my dad and I's conversation last night. Apperently mom and him got assigned the same mission , which is to take down some psycho killer and they were leaving for a month or longer. 
You never know! I mean we work for the FBI! And yeah, you heard right. The 18 year old nerd is an FBI agent. I'm not just some agent either. I'm one of the best, I'm Agent 23, an undercover spy and assasin. Nobody except my parents and boss knows, and I intend on keeping it that way. 
I got assigned to take down my ex-boyfriend aka. druglord James. But there was a catch. 
My parents were supposed to look after three idiots who managed to piss him off. But now that they both are leaving for atleast a month, someone else got the job. Me! One of the best assasin's alive, got the job as an idiot-sitter. 
*** 
"Ariana, why do you hide behind those awful clothes?" My mom eyed me up and down, she pouted at my outfit. 
I dress like a stereotypical nerd in school to keep the attention away from me, and as you can tell. Mother dearest isn't so found of that.
"I've told you many times mom. I'm an assasin. Being my friend can be dangerous. I do not want any attention. Being a nerd automaticly erases you from any chance of getting either of those things."
I slung my bag over my shoulder and grabbed an apple. 
"I know honey. it's just that you have so much nice clothing and a really good figure. You can't tell me it's wrong of me to dislike you hiding it!" She threw her hands up in surrender and I chuckled.
"Are you training with us this afternoon?" She asked behind the magasin she was reading. 
"Yeah, probably. I need to clean my room before the idiots arrives tommorw. I think that them walking into my room and see, guns and knives spread all over the floor would look suspicious."
I said and stood up from my chair. "I'm off to hell now. I'll see you later down at the headquater!" I kissed my mom on the cheek and went for the door. "Bye!!" I heard her scream before I closed the door.
Even though I'm supposed to be a nerd, I really dislike school. I have an extreamly high IQ and photographic memory. I never learn anything and everyone is either fake, stupid or both.
I sighed as a slumped down into my seat. It's already last period and I'm itching to get out of this horrible outfit. 
I was dressed in a knee lenght blue skirt, a white blouse and a black blazer. It might not sound bad, but trust me! To me it is... So I decided this would be a wonderful time to gain some energy, so I took a nap.
"Miss, Jones! Are you paying attention!" Ms, whatever's voice asked. My head shot up from my desk.
"Totally!" I said sarcasticly. I'm usually careful with how I talk to the people at school, but I really need to blow off some steem and what better way than beat up your own parents? 
"Do not speak to me like that young lady!" She was basicly screaming now.
I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. "Well, Sorry?" It came out more like a question. And I guess that didn't really help. 
...Praise for A Hundred Weddings...
@SweetLXxx "This was such a beautiful story"
@ImAljane "A Hundred Weddings is so good. It is one of the best stories I've ever read"
@imaginationdragsme "A Hundred Weddings is a nice read. Great work."
@pramirezxoxo "Literally the cutest thing I've ever read."
@SunKissedRainbow "A Hundred Weddings is one of the best stories on Wattpad. It was very well written. I enjoyed each and every chapter."

@loloAlshishani"I love A Hundred Weddings it was amazing."
@Shrutii "This is the best thing I've ever read"
Could You Guys Like Comment More On This Book. I Really Want Know How You Guys Feel. I Know It Not The Best But I'm Working On It. Just Give Me Time.
Thanks Much Love ShayRon
 My name is Tiffany but the kids at school call me tiff. I have 2 brothers and a little baby sister. I love my brothers and sister to death but sometimes I just need my space And to think I don't work or pay bills I guess that's why moms stay fussing I hate that shit it pisses me off because she want me to watch the kids it's not my kids it her's. I don't have a boyfriend because I don't have time for one I'm going to be graduate Friday and it's only Wednesday I'm ready to leave this house I have a scholarship to go to any college I want to that's a blessing, but I still don't know how I'm going to get there because my momma wants me to stay and help out with the kids well I got news for her your girl not staying ! Knock knock !! Come in I yelled. Oh it's just you what do you want ? I asked my step father I never did like that nigga. You know what I want you might as well give me some before you leave to go to college I seen how you been looking at me. Nigga stop ! I yelled .I don't look at you in know type of way I don't even like you and for you to come in here . Slap ! I told you don't fucking talk to me like that now pull your pants down ! No I yelled ! Do it or I'll tell your momma. He said . He comes over and start touching me No please don't touch me I'm begging you please ! I cried out loud. he didn't give a fuck about me or my momma or those kids. He cape hurting me and pulling my hair when I tried to run from him. I knew if I was to tell my mother what he did to me she wouldn't believe me. 17 and a virgin it's over for me tiff not a virgin no more I can never tell nobody that my step father did this to me. He left out the room after he raped me and told me not to tell anybody and if I did he will kill me. Lord knows I wanna be successful and start a family of my own and be happy.
Olvidar al nico sería una wea dificil pero tuve dos meses de vacaciones pa' hacerlo,y puta,no lo hice completamente. Otra wea más difícil aún era que mi mejor amigo estuviera enamorado de mí.
Pero ya habían pasado las vacaciones de verano y solo me quedaba entrar nuevamente a ese liceo culiao, ya no era nueva y aún así tenía el mismo temor al entrar. 
¿Qué tan dificil será superar esta cagá de año?
Hi guys :)
This is my third book on Wattpad. If you would like to check out my others, they are on my profile. They are called 1. It All Started With A Tampon and 2. The Bad Boys Saw Me Naked.
Thanks for reading xx
<><><><>
"Eva!" My Brother slams the car door shut, storming over to where we sit. I roll my eyes, not wanting to deal with him. 
"Go home Nick." I tell him, picking up another can of beer. 
"Get in the car!" He spits at me. 
"No!" I yell. "I'm fine. You can't tell me what to do!" 
"I swear Eva, you are out of control!" Nick finishes. "And something has to change." 
<><><><> 
Eva was always one to follow the rules, the poster child for good behavior. She lives with her brother, and never gave him any trouble. 
After a traumatic event, Eva spirals out of control. She falls in with the wrong crowd, and couldn't care less about her future. 
Eventually, her brother can't take it. So he decides to do something about it. 
Moving halfway across the country, to a town full of strangers, should do something, right? 
Eva doesn't think so. But maybe it's for the best. 
After all. Her brother says she's dangerous.


Serhat : SERHAT GOMEZ (Instagram : Serhat_Gomez)
Burak : HARUN YILMAZ (Instagram : Mutluay)
She's a fighter. She's the toughest girl in the school.
What happens when he needs to be taught a couple more moves to beat another gang.
And she's the only one that can help.
****
Meet Alexandra A.K.A Sasha.
She is a fighter. She has been street fighting, boxing everything. 
She is super competitive. She doesn't like many things. She took the title 'the toughest in the school' when she was in middle school, she sent a graduate into the hospital.
Meet Tyler A.K.A Ty.
He is a gang leader. He has been in a gang since he was in middle school.
He has worked hard to be titled the leader of his gang, he's also worked hard to gain the title 'bad boy' in there school.
****He needs help fighting. And she needs help forgetting the past.
Can they help each other? 
**** 
Warning!
There is violance, and bad language!
-Charlie's POV-
I took a deep breath and slipped my shoes on and headed out the door. I have my permit, but my mom's not home, or my dad. Whatever.
Soon I was halfway to Ashton's house. I kept thinking, what will his reaction be? How is he gonna take it?
I was finally at his house and walking up to his door. 
Knock knock
Nothing
Knock knock
Nothing again
I sighed but then the door swung open to reveal Ashton's mother.
"Oh hello Charlie. Ashton's in his room." She invited me in and I thanked her and headed upstairs.
As I climbed to the very top and walked down to Ashton's room. By the time I got to his door I heard moaning.
Slamming open the door, with tears, I say Ashton having sex with another girl. And that girl was Amanda Levon. The school's bitch.
"Charlie, I can explain. Please." He begged. I want to hear his story to tell, but he messed up big time.
"No Ashton, we're done. It's over, you can go back to fucking Amanda now. I never want to see you again." I slammed the door shut and ran downstairs pissed.
"Charlie? What happened?" Ashton's mother asked.
"Ask your whore of a son. I bet he'll love to tell you. Bye, I'm never coming here ever again." With that I ran to my car and drove away. Drove back to my house and to only see my parents still gone.
-Ashton's POV-
"ASHTON JAMES BURNS!! GET DOWN HERE NOW!!" I heard my mother scream. Oh god.
"You gotta leave." I told Amanda and pushed her out my window. She climbed down while I got dressed.
"Yes mother." I said being scared. My mom is very scary.
"You want to explain what happened to you and Charlie. I thought you love her." I do.
"Mom, I do. Amanda tricked me." That was a little lie.
"You two were perfect." She mumbled and I hugged her.
"I'll try to get her back. I'll try and try and try. I'll do everything to have her back mom." That was a promise. My mom has lost too much already.
-Charlie's POV-
I'm at home crying and my parents get home. Great. Might as well tell them.
"Mom." I sniffled.
"Charlie? Why are you crying?" My dad said in his stern voice.
"Can I move schools?" I asked.
"Of course. We actually knew that this school was bad." I smiled but it quickly went away.
"I'm pregnant." Then the room went silent and my mom released the hug.
I'm nervous. Very nervous. I feel sick even.
"Charlie." My dad said.
"I'm sorry." I started crying but my mom went back to hugging me and my father.
"Honey, we'll help you." My mom said. Wow, I was not expecting that.
"Dad, are you mad?" I wouldn't be surprised.
"Yes, but I'm not gonna kick my little girl out and be a selfish parent." I smiled and hugged them.
At least it didn't go the other way like I expected it to.
________________________
Later that day I just looked and looked for a new school to go to. My mom helped and my dad went back to work.
"So, is the father Ashton?" I gulped. I haven't even thought about Ashton.
"Yes mom he is the father, but me and him kind of broke up." I said. I felt so guilty breaking up with him. I should of told him about his child.
"Why did you guys break up?" I sighed but explained.
"I saw him sleeping with Amanda. And the worst part is I never even told him about the baby." My mom turned her head and patted my shoulder.
"You have to tell him, it's his child too." I nodded in agreement.
"Yes I know that but I think it's better for him not to know." My mom just nodded and dropped the subject. Thank god.
"Here, you can go to Lincoln High School in Hills Dale." I looked at the school and smiled.
"Any school is perfect." She smiled and started to call my old school.
 A new school. A whole different life.
I can't wait for my journey to begin.
_>_>_>_>_>_>_>_>_>_>_>_
Ok, I know it's short. Like, very short. But I promise u guys. It's gonna get a lot longer.
Make sure you read my other books too.
...Until Next GoodBye...
Zaquavia 
Hi, I'm Zaquavia, but everybody calls me Quay. I'm 18 and I am now a student at University of South Carolina. I have chocolate skin, long, black hair that stops 3 inches below my shoulders, and I have big dark brown eyes.
I walk down the hall, looking for my dorm room. I dropped one of my boxes.
"Ughhhhhhhh!" I shout to myself.
"Looks like you need some help." A guy says. 
I look up and see the finest dude ever. He has long, black dreads with light brown tips that reaches the middle of his back, he's light skin, about 6'2", and he has swag.
"Yeah, I do." I reply. He kneels down and I couldn't help but notice his beautiful hazel eyes.
He picks up 2 boxes and my duffle bag. I pick up the one box that fell out of my hands.
We walk up to my dorm room and I walk in. I am greeted by my 2 best friends since kindergarten. Faith and Torah.
"Quay!" they shout.
I drop my box and run towards them. We group hug. The Lord answered my prayers. I did not want to share a dorm with strangers.
"Uhh, where do I put these?" the guy asks.
"You can put it right there." I tell him. He puts the stuff down. "Thanks uhh...."
"Trey." He responds.
"Thanks Trey."
"What's your name?" Trey asks me.
"Zaquavia, but everybody calls me Quay." I answer.
"Aight Quay. Me and 4 of my other friends are having a lil get together in my dorm room, 109. Yall down?" Trey says.
"Yeah." we say in unison.
"Aight cool. See y'all at 8." With that, he leaves.
Trey
Quay is sexy on God. I'm ready for this get together that me and my boys having. Imma get Quay drunk and get her in my bed the first chance I get.
Abby's P.o.v"Come on Abby! Don't you want to see your new room!?" Mom exclaimed opening the front door to my new home. 
Usually I'm a really peppy person. I'm optimistic and unique is what I like to call it. But moving to a new school in a new city in the middle of the first semester? Why not just push me off a cliff into a pit of fire and say it was an accident?
Let's rewind really quick. I'm Abigail O'Neill also known as Abby. With my brown hair and brown eyes I'm just the normal 17-year old. 
Except the complete opposite. 
I don't like candy yet I absolutely love it at the same time. I don't eat alot but not on purpose, I'm just a picky eater. Im the one that's obsessed with Oreos and Lucky Charms. In general, I'm weird. 
"Come on turtle." My big brother Ben said nudging my shoulder. I glared at him. 
"I'm coming. And for your information turtles are awesome so thanks for the compliment bozo." I said and carried my suitcase and soccer duffle bag in. 
I walked up the staircase to my room all the way at the end of the hallway. I'd be lying if I said it wasn't nice. It has a bay window. 
At least I think that's what it's called. The window with the little chair/couch thing connected to it is how I'll describe it. 
The room has a nice carpeted floor and the walls are a pretty blue. Almost like a turquoise color but slightly lighter. I got a new bed. It's a twin sized bed with light grey covers. 
Outside there is a tree that I'd have tons of fun climbing and a window to my neighbors house. 
I wonder who lives there. 
I just shrugged and turned some music on while I put my things away. 
>>>
"They say we're losers and we're alright with that! We are the leaders of the not coming backs! But we're alright though! Yeah we're alright though. We are the kings and the queens of the new broken team but we're alright though!"
Yes I am a huge fan of 5 Seconds Of Summer. Ashton Irwin is my life. 
Anybody who doesn't know, Ashton is the drummer. 
I also love Pierce The Veil, and Panic! At The Disco. 
I danced and jumped around to the music before I tripped and fell. I sat up and started laughing. 
That's what I do. I hurt myself and I laugh. When I was 13 I broke my arm when I fell off my bike and I laughed for half an hour. It's weird but I find it hilarious. 
"Abby. You're insane." Ben said walking into my room. I sat up and smiled. "Thanks." I said and turned my music down. 
"What do you want?" I asked moving my hair out my face. 
"Mom said dress nice. We're having dinner with the neighbors." I just nodded and he left. 
Fun. I hope there is a girl my age I can be friends with. I want to go to school tomorrow as a senior with at least one friend. But I doubt it'll happen. 
I took a quick shower since I was in a hot car for a few hours then I was just dancing around my room creating more sweat. 
I'm a person. I sweat. No big deal. 
I put on a red skater dress and red converses because I am awesome like that. I left my hair out and it fell to almost mid-back. I don't use much make-up. Mainly just eyeliner and occasionally some eye shadow and lip gloss. Still not much though. I put on a thin, cropped black hoodie and put my Iphone 4s in the pocket. 
I'm Nicole Noel Martinez. I'm married to the most amazing man in the world. Well personally I think so. I have a beautiful daughter name Julianna. Julie for short. She's 5 years old. My husband Michael is a huge CEO of a company in Los Angeles.
"Honey, your coffee is ready!" I shouted to Michael from the kitchen. 
I use to work as a nurse in the hospital. Michael convinced me to become a stay at home wife. It got boring at times, but I would find ways to enjoy myself. I was lucky to be able to be in this position. 
"Thank you Nicole." He kissed my lips.
"Mommy, did you get my bag ready for school?" Julie asked.
"Yes honey. Eat your breakfast." I tell her.
"I'm going to be late for work. Bye honey. I will see you later." Michael kissed me and then walked over to Julie. 
"Bye Daddy." Julie hugged her father.
"Bye sweetheart. See you soon." 
I walked over to the front door, and watched as he walked over to his car and left. 
"Alright Julie, time for school."
I did our normal routine and drove her to school. 
"Bye sweetie. Have fun. I love you." I tell her. 
"Bye Mommy." 
As I drove home, my phone began to ring.
"Hello." I answered.
I placed the call on speaker so I could pay attention to the road.
"Nicole! It's Julia. I miss you." She says. 
Julia and I have been friends since we were kids. She was older than me, but we still managed to become friends sense I was ranked in higher education classes because I knew more than other people in my regular grade.
"Hi Julia. I miss you too!" I tell her. 
"We are in town. I was hoping to see you." She explains. 
"I would love to see you. I will be home soon. I just dropped off Julie at school." 
"Perfect. I will see you soon then." 
"Okay. Bye Julia." I said.
"Bye." 
I got home and picked up some stuff.
Quickly I walked over to the front door, and opened it.
"Julia!" I yelled.
"Nicole!" 
We hugged tightly. 
"Look at you. You shed off the baby weight so fast. You look amazing." I tell her.
"It's been 5 years since I had Julianna, but thank you. You look really good too." 
"Thank you. Come in come in. Who did you come with?" I asked. 
"I came with Dylan, he's in the car." 
Dylan. Julia's younger brother. He and I are the same age. We had a small thing in the pass but never really did anything about it. 
"Well tell him to come in." I smiled.
                “Collie! Collie!”
                My bedroom door was flung open and older brother came into my room. I glanced up at him and rolled my eyes.
                Okay, big brother wasn’t exactly right. He was my fraternal twin brother, older by only 11 minutes.
                “Colin, I told you to quit barging into my room. Learn how to knock,” I told him annoyance, grabbing a shirt off my bed and pulling it on.
                He frowned at me curiously. “Are you going out somewhere?”
                “What, I’m not allowed to wear a shirt?” I asked, raising an eyebrow at him. “Now, what did you want?”
                “Oh yea! Ant and I are going to the movies. Do you want to come?” he asked.
                “As much as I love to be the awkward third wheel on your date, I actually am going somewhere right now,” I said, grabbing a comb off my dresser and running it through my hair.
                “Where are you going?” Colin asked suspiciously.
                I shrugged. “Just out.”
                “You’re going to hang out with that guy, aren’t you?” Colin demanded.
                “I’m going to hang out over to Emma’s house you moron,” I said.
                “Oh,” he said, blushing a little. “Well, I have to go pick up Ant now. I’ll see you later Collie.”
                He gave a small wave and disappeared out of my bedroom. I snickered and shook my head at my brother’s stupidity.
                He had been friends with Emma Redner for years, and yet he constantly forgot about Emma’s brother. He forgot she had a brother, he forgot her brother’s name, and, most importantly, he forgot her brother’s sexuality.
                I checked my appearance in the mirror quick before leaving my bedroom. I went upstairs and grabbed the car keys off of the front table.
                I left the house and hopped into the car, pulling out and taking off towards Emma’s house. I turned my music up, nodding my head along with some Tokio Hotel.
                A few minutes later, I pulled into Emma’s driveway and got out of the car. I rang the doorbell and waited until Emma had opened the door.
                “Hi Collie,” she said, stepping aside and letting me in.
                “Hey Emma,” I greeted, nodding at her.
                “I take it you’re here for Misha?” she asked. I could see the mixed emotion in her eyes. She was jealous, but happy for me at the same time.
                “Yea. Is he in his room?” I asked.
                “Yep. He’s up in his room. I wouldn’t be surprised if he fell asleep, though. If he did, feel free to come down to the living room and watch a movie with me,” she said, smiling at me as we walked out to her kitchen together.
                “Alright, can do. Thanks Emma,” I said.
                I turned and went through the dining room to the hallway. I went up the stairs and down the short hallway to Misha’s bedroom.

Skyler's POV
Today was my first day at work teaching at a high school, and the day couldn't have started worst. This morning, when I woke up I was in a great mood, but soon realized that if I didn't hurry I would be late on my first day. After this realization, I rushed to the bathroom and into the shower, to slip on soap bar making my arse pain; I got up and then proceeded to take my shower.
After getting out of the shower and rushing towards my closer to pick out the dressiest attire I could find I applied a little make-up, then lightly went over my hair and found myself in the kitchen in record time. When I reached the kitchen I head straight towards the coffee maker, but with my espresso machine was broken. I think I started to panic just a tad because my morning coffee is a necessity (everybody knows that!). What can I say? I'm a very weird person without caffeine in my body. Since I was already running late, I quickly settled with picking up coffee on the way.
When I reached Starbucks I rushed inside trying not to split my skirt with the hasty pace I was going. When I reach the door I got the urgency to head bang into the glass door because the line couldn't be any longer. After waiting in line for what felt like years but it was actually 10 minutes, my turn came and I ordered an Americano. I turned to moved out of the others way trying to order and was meet with hot coffee landing on my white shirt. At this point I just wanted to say forget it, I give up, I'm going home to crawl into my bed and I'll try again tomorrow. The stranger started to apologize in the meantime and I just had enough,
I said "its fine, its fine..."
I heard my name being called, so I quickly took my coffee then headed out of the shop, after receiving my coffee for free (at least that was cool).
When I reached my car I started it up while searching for something to wear. I found a polyester red button up shirt and went with it. After getting it on I took in my outfit and thought aye this actually compliments this skirt better. Thank goodness for spare clothes, aye? As I was heading to school I was graced with a clear path, meaning no traffic in sight. I reached the High School with 1 minute to spare, but being the teacher I should have arrived almost 20 minutes before the bell but that's life. I grabbed my briefcase and rushed into the class in hopes I wasn't too late. When I turned the corner I was surprised with an empty classroom. I walked over towards my desk and check my schedule, and it was then that I realized that my first lecture was free and I just wanted to bang my head on the wall.
In the meantime, I have 40 minutes to kill, so why don't we get to know me better. I am Skyler, Skyler Taylor Jackson. I know my name is a bit weird it only consists of first names it's a weird thing. Let me explain, Skyler is my name, Taylor my father's name, and Jackson is my grandfather's name. But why try remembering all of that? In college, people used to call me TJ or Skye. So eventually I got used to introducing myself as, Skyler TJ. I am 23 years old (I know, I know, I'm young), I'm going to be teaching the seniors here. I initially wanted to teach the juniors, but the school desperately needed an English teacher for the seniors and well I could not help but budge because I'm not good with begging.
Here's an imagery of how it went: One day, I woke up to my best friend Jennifer Miller. Jennifer and I have been friends, it seems since childhood. She has been with me through the good and the bad, but there is one occasion in my life where she was there for me when it seemed no one else was, cared, or understood and I knew that we would always get along quite nicely. It was the day that I came out to my parents, I told them, I am a lesbian. I was 15 at the time and they freaked out, and would stop with their frantic rant of its just a phase, we can cure you, you are such a disgrace to our family name and etc. At that big moment in my life, I thought I was going to finally feel free, finally feel like myself, who I thought I was born to be, but I was not. I was disown, I felt ashamed, and I couldn't have hated myself and my family anymore than I did at that moment. I thought I was done with life, this was my darkest hour. A little after talking to my parents I went into my room and called my best friend. You guessed it! Jennifer Miller. Jennifer or as I like to call her, Jennie helped me through it and now my parents are okay with it. My mom has even tried to set me with some blind dates. Some of them were good...Oh, who am I kidding? All of them were a disaster. Anyways back to the story, Jennie called me and said she was going for interview at a High school, and it would be fun if I also interviewed. She of course was joking but now that I was freshly out of college, I was in desperate need of a stable job to get rid of these student loans. After getting off the phone with her I started preparing a resume over night, and went in for the interview the next day. I was the only one interviewing for the English department and School needed a English teacher, because their previous English teacher claimed she could no longer handle the kids. When I got the job I couldn't believe it that I busted out with an unsettling giggle in front of the school board. I felt as if this was some sick joke, but when they started giving me weird faces I straighten up trying to portray a serious face again and questioned,
So, I realise my story was all over the place so I am now making this one to fix it all up :)The characters and even the place is made up and they're mine! No one steals them! Enjoy the story :)**********~Prologue~Ok, I can't feel my face. Is this normal? I've never been this drunk before. I slap my cheek but I don't feel it. Should I panic?"I don't think hitting yourself is going to achieve anything doll face" an amused voice says from beside me.My head heavily moves in his direction and I see the leather vest he wears over his long sleeve white shirt. His blue jeans that look pretty rocking on him.His eyes are a vibrant blue and his hair black as ebony. He has some facial hair but nothing serious, just stubble and his lips are lifted into a smile."Who are you?" I find myself asking"Names Sam" he laughs"Well Sam, I am Scarlet and my face is numb which is why I slapped myself just before" I slap my cheek again."Don't drink often?" he asks. I shake my head. "Can I buy you a drink?" he asks me.I really don't need another drink but if he is offering then sure, what harm could it do?I nod my head and he orders two shots. I take one and at the same time we throw them back.I cringe at the burning sensation but soon smile at the attractive guy before me who is watching me intently.**********My head!! God, what the hell happened last night?"Take these" my eyes painfully shoot open and see a guy standing beside the bed.I recognise him from last night. He brought me a shot and then.. and then... Shit, what happened?I see we are in my room which means I brought some shmuck back to my apartment.Now, I realise I am wearing no clothes. Shameless hussy!"Did we..?" I ask.He grins and says "Oh yeah doll face, three times" Oh god! Three times and I didn't remember even one. "I'm such a slut" I groan taking the pills from his hand while trying to keep the sheet covering my body."I don't do this" I tell him "I don't sleep around and I blame you" "How is this my fault?" he asks while I swallow my pills."You brought me a drink, I clearly didn't need it. I don't remember anything after I took the shot" I say."You asked for more" he shrugs."I was slapping myself when you came over to me, did you really think I should have had more alcohol?""Don't rely care, anyway, I'm out. ill show myself out and we will probably never see each other again" Sam says slipping his vest on which read GALLAH TOWN MC.Great, I just slept with a biker douche."Thanks for the pills and water" I grumble as he walks out the door."Thanks for the three good fucks" he calls back.My face flames a shade of red and I throw myself back into the pillows.Good one Scarlet! I mentally scold myself.
Scott: mine
Stiles: cat woman
Derek: babe
Isaac: baby
Liam: sweetheart
     I am a nobody. My name is not known by millions or chanted in arenas. My face has never been plastered on a wall or vied after by screaming fans. Now that’s just me. Then there’s my older brother, James. New heartthrob in Hollywood. At first, all he was, was the lead in our high school’s musical. Then he had his band. And then, closing night of Hamlet, an agent from Hollywood watched his performance and begged him to move to Los Angeles for a movie audition. In case no one guesses what happens, he got the lead. And since then, my dear brother has never disappeared. Unlike me who blends into shadows. Because of him, we moved from our nice, strictly middle class home in rainy Oregon to some disgustingly immodest home somewhere seclusive in LA. Mom and Dad like it because they consider it a gift from their millionaire son. I take it as a bribe because I feel I won’t be able to forgive him for taking us far away from home.
    Now, I probably sound like a selfish snot. My brother is rich and doing amazing things and I hate it. I have made zero friends here because all those who even considered friendship were those who knew about my brother’s fame. I honestly can’t even begin to explain how many people have tried to buddy up with me. It’s disgusting. What’s even more disgusting is how quickly they adapt to my interests and likes so hanging out with them isn’t a pain. And then I start catching on to their wandering looks and the fluttering eyes when James walks in. Their requests for James to come around are never ending. I can’t tell you how many friends have come and gone. Eventually I am just a nobody off in the corner as my “friends” hang out with James. His celebrity friends would come over and I would lock myself away in my room. No celebrity wants to see some boring civilian when they are hanging out with their friends. And besides, I would probably start fangirling and that’s probably the last thing they want when they are chilling. I’ll let them play Call of Duty and I’ll mind my own business. That’s how it’s worked for the past couple years. That’s the way it always will work.
 ----------------------
First story on Wattpad! I really hope you all enjoy it and look forward to more as time progresses!
Dear Victim,
Going down those stairs looked like it hurt. Opps... You still deserved it.
Sincerely, Bully
"I've never had a friend quite like you, Isaac."


a/n: beautiful banner by the lovely @sargently 

ps. there's an ongoing translation of this into german by the amazing @blackveilsirxns, you can find it here: 
https://www.wattpad.com/306422710-invincible-translation-a-n-und-playlist  
(also in the external link)

                  
Hey guys, so basically this is my first story EVER written and I'm really excited for you guys to read it. I thank you in advance for excepting that :
-       I'm not perfect so there will be spelling mistakes.
-       DO NOT COPY, BE ORIGINAL 
-       There could be some disturbing content or words so I'm warning you, if you are not comfortable with bad words or bad imagery, please stop reading
Anyways I still dont really know how long this story will last because I still didn't really planify what the story is going to be talking about exactly but it'll just come automaticly.
I hope you guys are going to like it and keep in mind that it is not perfect and if you guy dont like it just stop reading and move on with your lives.
Thank ya
~Pranking the Bad Boy~
C o p y r i g h t  S t a t e m e n t
Copyright © 2013 by xXForever_LoveXx
All  rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,  distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including  photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods,  without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the  case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other  noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests,  contact author through message or email.
S y n o p s i s
It all started with a joke.
I could make it more interesting, lie and say that it  actually started with a smile, or a lie, or something more dramatic and  enticing, something that would draw you in more.
But I'd be lying. And I don't lie.
Well, I never used to lie. But that all changed when I met Cole Adams.
Anyway, it didn't start with a smirk or a smile or a lie, though over my time with him, all of those things have happened.
But it started with a joke.
A simple joke on the New Girl. That New Girl would be me, Grace Holland.
And of course the mastermind behind that joke was the school's resident Bad Boy - and total jerk, if you ask me - Cole Adams.
I didn't retaliate, thinking that karma would come to  those who wait. But it didn't. He still had a weedy kid completing his  homework, a sun-kissed cheerleader on each arm and a school that  worshipped the ground he walked on.
But still, I didn't do anything.
I'm not the kind of girl who retaliates. I kept my head  down, did my work and never even thought about doing anything to Cole  Adams. Why would I? You don't play with fire, unless you wanna get  burned.
Maybe I was finally fed up with watching Cole Adams get  his way all the time. Watching girls grovel at his feet, watched the  world treat Cole as if he was the center of the universe.
Whatever it was that finally made me tick, it worked.
Because that Friday night, I was finally ready.
It's payback time.
A u t h o r ' s  N o t e
I will warn you in advance: this book isn't very good. I was 13 when I  wrote this, and let's just say it's not my best work. It's cliched,  it's got some really cringe-worthy lines, and I am fully aware how  terrible it really is. I no longer read comments on this, so while you  are free to express your opinions, please do it in a respectful manner  in order to avoid fights. But please don't leave nasty comments. I know  it's bad. You have been warned.
D e d i c a t i o n
Dedicated to my fearless readers and followers who have shown me an insane amount of support. This was the first book I ever published on Wattpad, and I owe my life to the people who showed me happiness through this book.  
S o u n d t r a c k
One Way or Another (Teenage Kicks) by One Direction
I Knew You Were Trouble by Taylor Swift
Everything I'm Not by the Veronicas
IH8 That by Macy Kate
Sugar We're Goin Down by Fall Out Boy
Camera Shy by School Boy Humor
For a more extensive list, please visit my Spotify at xxforever_lovexx and the playlist 'Pranking the Bad Boy'
S t a r t e d: October 14, 2013
F i n i s h e d: January 28, 2014


Chapter 1- "Crawford"
"I'm coming! I'm coming!" I yelled as i ran down the grand staircase of my house. 
"About time" my older brother Mark said and I rolled my eyes in response.
My other siblings cane down. I have 4 other siblings.
Lex; who has blond wavy medium length hair and brown eyes. She's 23.
Mark; who has black/brown spiked up hair and blue eyes. He's 21.
Gwen; who has long ginger hair and brown eyes. She's 15
Max; who has blond 'flippy' hair and brown eyes. He's 11.
Lex said "Well I'm off, bye"! Then walking out the door. 
I searched for my keys. I couldn't find them anywhere.
"Gwen! Where are my car keys?!" i exclaimed.
She smirked.
"Gwen you are so dead"! I said. Her eyes widened and she started to run.
I chased her around the living room and then jumped and tackled her down to ground. 
I pinned her arms down and reached into her pocket and grabbed my keys. I smirked proudly and got up. 
"Bye"! I yelled and walked out and hopped in my truck.************************
"I hate school" I mumbled to myself as I opened my locker door.
"TATUM"! My best friend Bethany yelled as she ran twoards me.
She got to me and bent over panting. I raised an eyebrow at her.
"You're really out of shape" I pointed out.
"I know" she said "Now lets go"!She grabbed my forearm and pulled me down the hallway.
"Too Lunch"! She smiled.I chuckled and looped my arm threw hers and we walked to the cafeteria.
We got into the cafeteria and went to our usual table. Beth is in a bunch of different clubs so she has a lot if friends.
Me on the other hand, Beth is my only friend so I just sit with her.
I sat down next to her and unscrewed my Water bottle cap.
Beth and the other people at the table were talking about some club. I zoned out and tapped my fingers on the table.
I got up to go grab some food and o bumped into someone.
"I'm sorry-" I started then looked up to meet a certain blue eyed boy. 
River Lockwood aka My Ex Best Friend.
He's the Bad Boy of the school and has girls falling at his feet.
River and I were best friends since diapers all the way up to Sophomore year. 
One night River just flipped out on me and screamed. He said 'I f***ing hate you! I'm done! I never want see you again! You are such a b*tch!' he said a few other things.
River smirked "Crawford".
That's the first time he has said anything to me in 2 years!
I gulped silently."Lockwood" I acknowledged.
He narrowed his eyes at me.
"River, baby!" A voice yelled.
I looked over to see a Keira Manley. She has blond hair and a fake tan; she's the Regina George of this school.
All rights reserved. No part of this work may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without permission except in the case of brief quotationes embodied in critical articles and reviews. This book is a work of fiction, names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the author's imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblence to actual events, lovales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. No part of this publcation can be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical without permission in writing from the author. 
[To put it simply, copy this story in any way and you are dead to me.]
* * * *
It started with a fortunate mistake
It ended in a mistaken fortune. 
They get gold if they're lucky. Most of the time, they settle for silver. It's not a question for Damien Jacobs. For his whole life, he has been stealing from families with his controlling father as his accomplice. After a whole life of living like a criminal, Damien finds himself having a change of heart when he starts to get cozy with the son of the rich family that he's trying to steal from. But regardless of his father's commands, Damien is willing to leave his theft days behind.
Inspired by Elizabeth Scott's Stealing Heaven.
 "Stupid, ugly, piece of junk, car!" I shouted at the good for nothing hunk of metal. I had spent ten minutes trying to open the stupid car door, only to find that on the way to school, it decided to break down. "I hate you! I hate you so much!" I cried into my hands as I sat on the hood of the car. Not only was I a half an hour late to school, but I left my phone at home so I couldn't call for help!
Out of frustration, I slammed my hand down on the hood. With a loud "THUMP", the car began to shake. I jumped off and stepped a few feet away as smoke fumed from the car like an angry cartoon. I groaned as I stomped my way to the passenger side and grabbed my bag. "I don't have time for this!" 
It was a pretty decent day out. Might as well walk to school, seeing how I was already half way there. I slung my bag over my shoulder and began to march to school as the worse possible thing happened. "CLASH!" The lightning struck and the rain began. I could of sworn I saw the sun a minute ago... As the rain washed out my already curled hair, I pouted and continued walking. "This couldn't get any worse." 
I ran into the warm, dry, building and wiped my eyes free of the rain drops. By the time I made it to school, I was soaked. I probably missed about three classes too. 
I made my way to my locker, my sneakers squeaking on the tile floor. No one was in the hallway, just me. After I threw my soggy books in the locker, I realized that there were only five minutes left of 3th period. I shrugged and headed towards the library to wait for the bell to ring. 
Just as I turned the corner, I rammed into a wall. A warm wall, who's arms happened to be wrapped around my waist. I looked up and found a pair of brown eyes staring at me with amusement. I stayed frozen in his arms, unsure of what to do. I knew exactly who this guy was. The one and only "bad boy", Daniel Storm. 
He smirked as he raised his hand to tuck a piece of wet hair behind my ear. "Well nice to meet you too, sweetheart. You new here? Because I'm pretty sure I'd remember someone as beautiful as you." I scoffed and rolled my eyes. I've been going to the same school as him since forever; but I wasn't surprised that he didn't know I existed. His face contorted into confusion when he noticed my expression of disgust. 
"No, I'm not new here," I pushed on his chest to get out of his embrace, but his grip only tightened. "I've lived here since birth. So if you would excuse me, I would like to be let go!" I kept trying to get out of his arms, but it didn't work. I stopped and sighed, and then realized he was chuckling. "What? Why are you laughing?" 
He just broke into a full smirk before leaning down towards my ear. "You look cute when you're mad," he whispered. I took this as a chance to jab my heal into his foot. His hold fell and I managed to side step him as he grabbed for his foot. "What the -" 
"Nice seeing you, Daniel," I yelled sarcastically while running down the hall. Well there goes my mood!
Hello guys! So I'm very new to this so please bare with me. As I have said previously, some parts of this book that I will write might be similar to other books but sorry, I didn't know. I don't tolerate bullies. Only positivity & support on my page are allowed. If you don't have anything nice to say about my books please just don't. 
Also, I'm not quite sure where I am going with this story but hey there's a first time for everything. Hahaha. 
But some of you might find this book very cliché but give it a go, there's actually a lot of plot twists that I'm thinking of. This book is UNEDITED so yes there will be loads of mistakes. But we all learn from our mistakes anyway. :)
Oh and guys, some chapters say that its already been **edited**  but there are still going to be a few mistakes that I've missed. What I really did to edit it is that I just added a few things to, I guess, tie the loose ends of the story and make it better. For instance, I expanded the chapters, so  if it doesn't say **edited** you can still read it but it won't be as good and long as the previous chapters. Anyway, yeah... It is much different than my first draft, its much better.
But I do hope that you enjoy this story and again - PLEASE NO HATE. 
word count - 248 words
Love doesnt have a race or a face. Love is a feeling we all feel. Others fall fast but some dont.
The last part explains me....my name is Diamond Lane and love is something I dont feel. Ive been like this for as long as I can rememmber. This is the part where I tell you my whole life story but I dont think thats necessary. I will only tell you the basics. Im 5'0, long hair down to my waist and im curvy not too curvy but I think im just right. Oh yeah did I mention Im African-American??(Just to  clear this up she is black&,indian)
Enough about me lets get this show on the road. Yeah Im in love but this happened unexpectedly. I guess this where I tell you the story....well here goes....
"Diamond get up sweetie before your late for school" I hear my grandma say. I groan but get up. "Go in there and get dressed before you miss that bus girl" she says shuffling out the room. I rise out the bed and to my closet.
I shuffle through my clothes and decide on a black long sleeve shirt,black pants,a figure 8 scarf and my black combat boots. I put my hair up in a pony tail and made my way to the bathroom to brush my teeth.
After brushing my teeth I made my into my room and grabbed the necklace my mother left behind before she died. I put it on and looked at the picture of her on the dresser. That was my bestfriend but drugs took her life. I shook the feelings off and decided to go downstairs. I made it down and my grandma put a bowl of cereal in front of me. "The bus will be here soon" she says. I nod my head and eat my cereal.
When I finished I kissed her cheek and grabbed my M.K bag.  I walked outside and smelled the country air. We live in the middle of no where. The farm house was a big one because my grandfather is a very known man. My grandma is white and I think they are cute. If it was my choice I would be in the city but this farm house is all I need. The only things I hate are the facts that I have to go to the city for clothes and my school is 2 hours away in the city which causes me to wake up early.
I was snapped out my trance when I heard the bus pull up. I got on and almost all the good seats were takened. I went to a seat in the back and sat by myself. Since this was my first year at thr new school I knew things were going to be bumpy.
"We have a black girl on the bus" one of the kids in front of me whispers. I throw daggers I know she cant see.  Thats another thing I forgot to mention some kids in the country grow up like their parents: disliking my color. I roll my eyes and decide not to respond. I dig through my M.K bag and look for my headphones. When I find them I place them in my phone and let the music take me away.
*1 hour 30 minutes later*
I got off the bus and looked at the school. This was going to be hard this high school was bigger then the one I went to in Arizona. I got my letter out and went to the main office and gave the secretary my letter. She signed the sheet and gave me my schedule. "I dont think I can get around by myself" I say. She smiles at me then look beside me. "Mareo can you please show Miss.Lane to her classes she will be in A.P with you" she says. I look to the side of me to see a boy about 6'0 short black hair,glasses and a tongue piercing looking at me. He looked at me like I was foreign I see why...We werent the same color
*Yeah I wanted to start a new story and dont think im racist my boyfriend inspired this book and he will be helping me update it so guys please support this book I would appreciate it lets see if this book will be a hit like the other ones we will see FOLLOW.VOTE.COMMENT-XOXO-DESTINI♡♥♡
*WHAT I WANT DIAMOND TO LOOK LIKE IS ON THE SIDE AND YEAH THAT GIRL ISNT AFRICAN AMERICAN BUT SHE WILL DO TIL I GET A BETTER GIRL*
"Hello Sydney," I heard my father's voice as I neared him. He was holding a piece of cardboard with my name scribbled on it. I walked towards him with my suitcases following behind me. Once I was I front of him I gave him a brief hug.
"Where's mom," I asked him. His eye's turned dark and evil-like but his face didn't give out any facial expression on how angry he was with me for even asking.
Great, my first day back home and I've already caused trouble. One wrong move and he gets on your back. Something I've despised about this place. I wish I could have stayed in California with my grandma. Unfortunally, her heart stopped beating one day, unexpectingly. She was in great condition and health. The doctors expected a few more years out of her but instead she left a few years earlier then what was expected.
"She's in the car waiting for you. You wouldn't want her to leave our family now would you. I can't be leaving her alone," he answered with a forced smile speaking through clinched teeth. His answer gave me the creeps and fear, my number one friend here, came back.
I headed towards the car with my father following close behind. I headed towards the passenger's side of the vehicle and saw my mother. I knocked on the window. Mom jumped out of her seat startled. Her face was full of fear and I felt bad for her. I didn't mean to scare her. Her fear automatically got replaced with joy mixed in with sadness. I knew why. She hoped I wouldn't ever come back, even though it sounds cruel it was for my safety. She didn't want me to come back to the heck of a home we have. At least not with Him around.
She opens the door and tackled me in a hug. 
"Sydney, sweetie. I'm so glad to see you," she said while kissing me on my cheeks. I laugh.
"I'm so happy to see you too mom. I missed you." Tears filled my eyes.
"Oh, don't give me that face now or else you'll make me cry too." Her voice cracked with a few tears in her eyes.
"Sorry." I wiped away a few tears that managed to escape. Father appeared behind me making my mom to pull me close to her protectively.
"You should stop doing that. Your making me look like the bad guy in front of our daughter." Mom just glared at him. Challenging him to do something to me and he's dead. He just glared back.
"Everyone get in the car. Now," he commanded.
*****
As my father parked the car in the driveway of the house, my mom got out of her seat in seconds, trying to get my stuff out of the trunk of the car. It just contained one of my suitcases, while I carried the other two bags that I already had slung over my shoulder. 
Once I stepped out of the car, she already had the suitcase in her hand and was just waiting for me to get out of the vehicle. We were already half way to the door when father was barely getting out of the car. However, before we had the front door to the house open, he spoke. It was something that my mother and I were hoping not to hear.
"Sydney, before you go to your room we need to speak so go to my office."
"No," Mom screamed out to him. She ran behind him trying to grab his attention away from me by clawing her nails into his back. He turned around and slapped her with the back of his hand. Then grabbed her from her brownish red hair and pulled it to get her to stand up. I screamed at him to stop. That got his attention. Fluff, his coming for me now. I heard my mom shouting at me to run but my legs wouldn't move. I just watched as he got closer and closer to me. Before I knew it he was dragging me to his office where he usually abused us. Office was code word for beating. That is why she freaked out and attacked him.
| Clara's POV |
I wake up in my own cozy bed. It isn't before I pick up my phone that I realize that it's today I'm taking the plane to the US. I smile for myself. I have never been in the US before. I'm really excited.I jump out of my bed and walk through the kitchen to the bathroom my whole family shares. I open my cabinet and pick out my toothbrush and my toothpaste and starts to brush my teeth.I hear my mom knock on the door."Clara I need to use the bathroom, now." She says."I'm brushing my teeth." I call out so I make sure she hears me."C'mon Clara, open up the door now." She says.I groan and curse before I open the door for her."Thank god." She says and dumps down on the toilet."OH GOD PLEASE MOM!" I call out."I'm sorry but it was an emergency." She explains and walks over to the sink and I move as she washes her hands."I can't wait until I'm in my own dorm and can use the bathroom in peace." I say to her."Oh, but no you'll have to share a dorm." She explains."Almost all the time then." I correct myself and roll my eyes."Don't roll your eyes at me." She says and looks at me."It's a free country." I say and spit out my toothpaste in the sink.She mumbles something and walks out.
I pack in the last few stuff I'll bring with me. Toothbrush, not toothpaste because mine is more than 100 ml so I'll have to buy a new one somewhere at the airport in Pennsylvania or so. My makeup bag, hairbrush.Now I think I have everything I need.I pick up my phone to order a taxi to drive me to Arlanda in Stockholm.The taxi comes to my house and I put on my shoes, grabs my wallet, my phone and my keys and walks to the kitchen where my mom is."Goodbye mom." I say and smile at her.She pulls me in for a bone breaking hug and kisses the top of my head. I can hear her sob."It's okay, I'll visit every Christmas and summer break." I promise her.She nods."Call your dad too." She says.I nod."If he's available." I promise her.I walk up the stairs and knock on my sister Olivia's room.She opens the door and I pull her in for a hug."Promise me to flirt with the sexiest boy on the school." She jokes and I laugh."I'll try." I joke back."I'll miss you sister." I tell her."Miss you too." She says.
The taxi stops at the airport."Arlanda." The driver says and I pull out 300 crowns from my wallet and hands it over to him."Keep the change, I won't need it anyways." I tell him.He nods and says thank you and I close the door.I walk though the entrance and walk to the information desk and she tells me where McDonald's is so I can eat something before I walk through the security and to the gate.I walk to McDonald's and orders two cheeseburgers and one ordinary, try to be as full as possible, since u don't know how good the plane food will be. I go pick my food and water and sits down on a table meant for two. I eat the hamburgers and forces myself to eat the last half of my cheeseburger before I go trash the empty cup and the wrappers from the hamburgers.
The security goes fast. I go check in my bags and goes to the gate.I remember that I promised mom to call my dad, he's a pilot and works almost 24/7. I hear two beeps before he answers me."Hello sweetheart." He says through the phone."Hi, I just wanted to say goodbye, since I can't say it in person I though I'll say it here." I tell him and I can almost hear his smile through the phone."Goodbye darling, I'll miss you." He says."I'll miss you too dad." I tell him."Love you. Bye." He says and I say the same before I hung up the phone.
They start letting people aboard on the plane so I pick up my plane ticket in my phone and quickly scan the ticket and goes aboard.I sit down in my seat by the window. I bought plus tickets so I got more room to sit in and more room for my feet.A woman in her 40's sits down beside me and smiles at me."I should maybe introduce myself since we will sit beside eachother in 12 hours." She says in a danish accent and smiles.She holds out her hand and I shake it."Ingrid." She says."Clara." I say.I sit back down in my seat and just drift away while they are going through the security rules.
I wake up two hours later and make a count that it's 10 hours left.A air-hostess walks up to me."Hi." She says and smiles."Food?" She asks and I nod my head, realizing that I'm starving.She hands over a warm plate of beef and potatoes with some vegetables. It actually tasted really good.I look on the tv in front of me. I switch through the channels until I find Nickelodeon and put on my headphones. SpongeBob, one of my faves.I know I'm 19 and should watch more shows for grown ups and teenagers like teen wolf or orange is the new black but those shows have never really spoken to me. SpongeBob and Fairly Odd Parents for life. 
The plane arrives in Philadelphia ten hours later. Ingrid, who's very friendly wakes me up when the plane have landed.We both say goodbye."Good luck." She says.I wave her a goodbye as I step off the plane. I go where the others go to pick up my suitcases and walks out from the airport.I find a free taxi that's willing to drive me to the college, which is in Philadelphia."Thank you so much!" I say and smile at the taxi driver and pays him 20 bucks before I walk out of the car.
Can you read my book "Drama Room Love ! 🌞Thank you 😘 
I'll fucking murder you!" But are really good together.... Zodiac Signs
Scorpio - Capricorn Virgo - Aquarius Sagittarius - Pisces Leo - Taurus Gemini - Cancer Aries - Libra
“Get in there!” the chubby balding officer grumbled shoving me into the empty cell. My arms were still tightly cuffed behind my back so I couldn’t grab onto the edge of the bed as I stumbled to the concrete floor with a groan. 
“Don’t be so rough,” I hissed at him as he slid the barred doors shut.
“You’re a criminal, I don’t care,” he said shooting me a revolting smile before swinging the keys around his fingers and walking away whistling to himself.
I pulled myself up off the ground, not even bothering brushing myself off as I was already a mess from what happened earlier when I was arrested.
I groaned and sat down on the hard bed and scooted backwards so my back was against the smooth concrete wall and made myself as comfortable as I could with my hands still behind my back.
I’m in prison, the one person no one would expect that would be here. Mostly for things I didn’t even do, but some I did.
I looked up as the doors slid open again and a girl was pushed in. She turned and glared at the chubby officer, flipping him the bird before looking at me, smiling.
“Hi I’m Missy,” she said brushing her fingers through her bright white hair, her eyes were the most amazing blue I have ever seen.
“Ellianna,” I told her keeping my voice strong.
“You look a complete mess,” she chuckled as I pulled myself up onto my feet. Her eyes raked over my white… okay well now red skinny jeans.
She grabbed my shoulders and led me to the door. She let out a shrill whistle and soon enough an attractive guard appeared.
His brown shaggy hair hung out of the sides of his hat and his big hazel eyes looked over me.
“Do what you can Carson,” She said pointing to me. He nodded and unlocked the door grabbing my arm pulling me out of the cell.
“Let’s get you cleaned up,” he said smirking at me.
After letting me have a shower and giving me an orange jump suit, Carson lead me back to the cell. When I walked in Missy was sitting on the bed looking at me from overtop of a book that looked quiet old.
“So why exactly where you in that state?” she asked raising her eyebrow. I sighed and sat on my bed raking my fingers through my damp but now clean hair.
“The arrest all started in the school cafeteria,” I started.
Third person
It all started off as a normal day, but pretty much everyone remembered the day that the police barged into the school cafeteria yelling out for the one girl no one expected would ever get into any kind of trouble with the police.
As soon as she heard her name the girl in the white skinny jeans darted from her seat where she sat with her friends and rushed towards the back door.
The whole cafeteria froze as everything seemed to be going in slow motion as the well-built police men rushed after the girl in skinnies, sliding across the table spilling food everywhere a fork jammed its way into her leg, but she didn’t care.
Just as she was about to reach the door she was tackled to the ground with a great amount of force. She didn't flinch, she didn't scream in pain, the only thing she done was start mumbling curses under her breath as the large cop pulled her to her feet. Her usually perfectly kept blonde hair was wildly sticking up and her bright blue eyes were fierce.
No one had ever seen her like this. Her once white skinny jeans were now stained red from where she slid over a table in her attempt to get away.
She was only fifteen what kind of trouble could she get in to gain this much attention from the police.
The worried looking principal rushed into the room sweat dripping off his half bald greying head and his eyes were wide and terrified.
"What's going on here?" he demanded as the cop cuffed her hands behind her back and said the words people didn't expect to hear.
"Ellie Conners, you are under arrest for Vandalism, thief, Violence, trespassing and attempt of murder!" the sheriff said reading only a few of the girl’s offenses before they forcefully removed her from the shocked cafeteria.
This event was top of the gossip mill for weeks everyone was talking about the schools trouble maker getting arrested. Everyone knew she was bad but not that bad they never expected her to go past the school bully but everyone was proved wrong on the first day of term when the police interrupted their lunches.
Over the year the gossip slowly died down and people stopped asking about the girl. By the next year no one spoke about her, Ellie Conners arrest was old news, no one seemed to bother making up rumours about her anymore and just lived their lives.
The mark of two years from that day arose out of the dust and dawned on everyone reminding them of the girl in skinny jeans.
But something else happened that no one expected to happen. 
Before anyone reads: Just know that I wrote the first few chapters without any writing experience, so please, excuse my lame choice of words:) And I didn't ask anyone to critique this story, so if you don't like it, just leave.
--------------------------------------------------------
"Ally!"
Ugh.
"Aly! Wake up!"
Hmph.
"Ally!! School starts in twenty five minutes!"
What?!
I jerk awake and shove the blanket off of me, jumping on the wooden floorboards and running to my wardrobe. With my clumsiness ahead of me, I step on a sharp article and trip flat on my face; my feet screamed for mercy. I barely manage time to turn around and see that it was a pointed clasp of my bra.
Way to go, Ally.
After getting up half concious, I rummage through my closet lazily finding a baggy red t-shirt and black sweatpants, which would perfectly match my black hoodie. I slip them on while staggering to the bathroom. Quickly taking out my toothpaste, I squeezed it onto my toothbrush, then ran up to the other side of the room forcing each throbbing foot into my black converse while brushing my teeth. I run back to the bathroom to return the toothbrush and spit out the paste then took a quick glance at the mirror.
No makeup? Check.
Unironed clothes? Check.
Nothing conspicuous? Check.
Messy hair? Shit!
After yesterday's shower I slept with a wet head, hoping that somehow I'd wake up with something similar to a screwed up afro. But no, thanks to my genetics, it resulted in the formation of light waves at the end of my dark hair.
Ugh.
Doing what any retarded teenager would do for a halloween hair scare,  I ran to my iPod and played the song "Whip My Hair" on speaker. Complying to the song's wishes, I whipped my hair back and forth for a good three minutes until I started having a slight migraine. I then looked back at the mirror only to see that it needed more whipping to look scary enough. So I turned the speaker back on as it rang in my ears, getting lightheaded by the second.
"I WHIP MA HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MA HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WH-"
"Ally!" My mom's voice echoed through the corridors all the way from downstairs, "This is not the time to play songs! School starts in a few minutes so get your butt down here this instant!" 
Gotta love my alarm clock. Fully functional and alive.
I stop and glance at the mirror once more.
Messy hair? Check.
Just one more thing left to do: I put my hoodie over my head.
Perfect! Now all you see is a not too tall and not too short of a girl - just average - dressed in a dark attire that doesn't show the slightest sign of any curves. Messed up curls hide the sides of her oval face. With a hoodie shadowing  eyes, all that is visible is the lower part of her face, from her nostrils down to her jaw.
This will do. You're probably wondering why I'm doing this. Why my hood and hair are covering mostly three quarters of my face? I'd cover the whole thing if it didn't cause hyperventilation.
It all started the summer after I reached puberty... and the.. erm.. changes occur.
I got a tan and got the hang of putting my hair down loosely instead of hanging it into a ponytail. But it was kind of a depressing summer since my best friend Anna was moving to Australia because of her dad's job. I couldn't see why she just wont stay and live with me, so I realized after her leaving that I had to face school alone, all the teasing boys and the stuck up girls all over again.
     Hello and welcome to the sixth book in the Aware Princess Series. This time, the this story will be based on the fairytale, Rapunzel. Of course, I'll add my own twists.
Before you read this story, please be aware this is a girlxgirl story (queer). I understand if you don't want to read it because of your beliefs, and I respect them, so please respect mine and the other readers'. If we communicate minding others, we avoid confrontation and bad times, so please, always be polite and thoughtful.
Furthermore, this book will have some changes regarding POV. Although Roselle is the main narrator, the love interest will also have some chapters with her POV, contrary to what has happened in other books.
And lastly, the love interest is a black girl. She is English, not Afro-American, so don't expect the same issues or fears from a character from a different country. We all change depending the environment in which we grow, our culture also makes us different.
The focus of this book is health, as Roselle is a girl with overweight. I'll be dealing with this as a health problem, not an appearance one. Of course, there are many other conflicts than weave with this, but my goal here is to encourage everyone to have a healthy life. It's a topic that hits too close to home as it's a problem I struggle with, so I hope we all can learn and grow with this book.
That said, I hope you'll enjoy this read. I'll start officially posting after I finish with Blanca Like Snow, so wait for it!
The illustration for the cover was made by Sheryl Young, I just added colour and the rest editing.
book #1 - Call Me Ella {complete}book #2 - Little Shy Ariel {complete}book #3 - Brave Bold Belle {complete}book #4 - It's Just Ann {complete}book #5 - Blanca Like Snow {ongoing}book #6 - Break Free Roselle {upcoming}
bonus - Aware Princess Series (extra material)
If you' haven't read the previous books then you need to know this.
⋙ There is a retreat centre for celebrities that belong to Ella's family, (her book is Call Me Ella). 
⋙There is a new author, Terry McCracken, whose book was turned into a film (she is mentioned in Brave Bold Belle). The film production is covered in Ann's book (It's Just Ann).
⋙ Ariel Hamilton is an indie artist (her story is in Little Shy Ariel) who will provided the theme song of that film.
⋙ The heir to BEEB Group is Blanca (Blanca Like Snow).
You can meet the characters, ask them questions, submit fan art and more here: http://belwatson.tumblr.com
1) Do not post this story anywhere else. I do not consent that anymore. If you do, it's plagiarism and it's illegal.
2) Do not promote your own story on the comments. It's rude and I will delete the comment. There are clubs on wattpad for that sole purpose.
Happy reading!Bel, xx
Simulan na natin ang kwento ko :) ako si Maika Shaye Retanan hmm hindi ako babae este- hindi ako babae kung kumilos kasi naman napaka-simple ko lang yung tipong walang kolorete at ka-ek ekan na kung ano sa katawan
sabi nga ng iba para daw akong tomboy
marahil dahil sa tatlong katotohanan ukol sa akin, wushuu! ang lalim mo pre =D
basta yung una siguro hmm mas nauna kong nakilala ang Power Rangers, Ninja Turtle at Transformer kaysa kay Barbie 
tapos ang pangalawa naman :\ siguro yun nga walang kaartehan sa katawan at pagmumukha 
at yung pangatlo siguro uhhmm....NBSB?!
ayy mali pala nagkaroon ako ng first boyfriend at first love noon 3 years ago 
basta sa pagkakatanda ko mga 14 years old ako nang maging kami
alam kong masyado pa akong bata para sa bagay na yan, pero paki mo ba? ikaw na nga lang dyan nakikibasa ng diary ng may diary^_^)V hahaha peace po tayo
hmm halos five months din ang itinagal ng relationship namin noon
walang kasiguraduhan at masyado mang mabilis sa inyo ang five months na yun pero proud to be ako :)
basta ang hirap nyang iexplain kung bakit pero kasi parang yung 5 months na yun ang pinaka-memorable talaga na nangyari sa buong buhay ko 
but after 5 months and so on-and-so forth biglang naging cold na sya sa akin na halos parang balewala na ako sa kanya 
pero nagawa na rin naman nya akong ipakilala noon sa parents nya na boto naman sa akin at syempre para quits pinakilala ko rin sya sa mga magulang ko kung saan nangako syang pagtungtong namin ng 18 ay papakasalan nya ako 
kaso di nagtagal parang unti-unti kong naramdaman na wala na syang time for have a bonding with me....
t-teka nga lang bakit ko pa ba kinukwento sa inyo ang Aldrin na yun? change topic na nga lang tsk 
meron pala akong Ate Dyella na araw-araw may pupuntahan man o wala ay laging naka-make-up na parang clown^,^)v
siguro wala na siguro kaming pinagkakasunduan
well kung sa beach kung si Ate Dyella todo two piece ako naman masyadong conservative sa katawan at naka-short at t-shirt lang
uhm anime fan/lover ako since birth 
tapos 'medyo' matakaw rin akong kumain (lalo na kung libre) 
tapos medyo 'madaldal?' pero tahimik sa klase (para matulog) para kasi sa akin ang word na C.L.A.S.S ay Come Late And Start to Sleep 
at medyo o talagang tamad din akong mag-aral kaya nga tinutulugan ko lang ang klase namin, specially English and Math class *yawn*
well ako ang klase ng tao na friendly at ayaw kong na-o-OP pero hindi ibig sabihin nun marami na akong mga kaibigan dahil sa daan-daang estudyante sa academy ay meron lang akong nag-iisang beloved BESTfriend - Nadine Miyuki Ezuhi
opo at talagang may lahing Japanese si bessie ko cause her mom is a half Japanese and half Filipino and also her dad is a 'pure' Japanese, so maybe....I guess Nadine is a double time Japanese and a ¼ Filipino 
pero sa totoo lang sa likod ng mga iyon halos mga basic words lang in Japanese ang kayang salitain ni best
I am 17 year old at nag-aaral sa isang exclusive school, ang sikat na TENTENENEN Shieldler Academy 
ang totoo nyan hindi naman kami ganun kayaman ngayon para ma-afford ang mga gastusin sa academy na yan pero kung itatanong nyo kung paano ako nakapasok sa school na yan? 
well simple lang naman ang sagot dyan, dati kasi nung kumikita pa si dady ng 5 digits a month sa dating kompanya na kanyang pinapasukan noon they decided na ipasok ako dyan sa Shieldler Academy at dyan ko mismo nakilala si Nadine
but last year biglang bumagsak ang kompanya na pinagtatrabauhan ni dady
nawalan sya ng trabaho and theirs a posibility na itransfer na lang ako sa isang ordinary private school=3=) pero dahil pagmamaktol kong na ayaw iwanan si best ko, nagawa tuloy ni dady na mamalimos ng scholarship grant para sa akin
yan mukhang nasabi ko na sa inyo ang lahat ng tungkol sa akin basta't lalo nyo pa akong makikilala sa mga susunod na mga kabanata ng aking, lovestory daw?
-Dear Diary,
Grabe mukhang malas ang araw ko kanina na may hatid na swerte na rin kasi habang pauwi na ako at naghahanap sa bag ko ng 'PISO' kasi kulang ang pamasahe ko sa jeep, isang anghel ang hinulog ng langit upang ako'y sagapin sa mamang tsuper na masyadong atat at masungit >:l hmp -Maika-
Galing ako ng school at pauwi na rin sumakay ako ng jeep pero mukhang minamalas ako ngayong araw >:l
kainis! kulang ng piso ang pamasahe ko ngayon 
haayst mukhang totoo nga talaga ang sabi nila 'na ang halaga ng piso ay saka mo lamang masusukat kapag kulang ang pamasahe mo sa jeep' panu yan ngayon > n <
"Ano ba yan miss, magbabayad ba kayo o gusto nyong pababain ko na kayo ngayon mismo" ano ba yan atat si mamang tsuper
"Sandali lang po! kulang po kasi ng piso ang pamasahe ko ngayon e"
"Aba'y hindi ko na problema yan miss" ayy ang taray ng tatay nyo
habang patuloy na naghahanap ako sa bag ko ng piso may napansin ko ang isang dazzling creature na stranger na lalaki sa tapat ko na mukhang kanina pa naiinis sa aming dalawa ni mamang tsuper slash sungit 
"....Uhm miss magkano ba ngayon ang dala mong pera?" nice napasin ako ni mr. handsome slash cute guy
"Ha ahh ehh 39 pesos lang kulang nga ng piso e ito lang kasi ang natira sa baon ko kanina na 200" patuloy pa rin akong naghahanap ng piso sa bag ko
"Ganun ba.?! wag mo na munang problemahin yun sagot ko na ang pamasahe mo" ang gwapo na nga nya ang bait pa, san ka pa? kaya deretso na sa lugawan ni Aleng Malaki 
tapos agad na kinuha yung wallet sa bulsa nya at binayad sa mamang tsuper na kanina pa nag-hihimutok
"You are my knight in shining armor!" I said 
pero teka nasabi ko yun? waah >O< patay! nakakahiya naman talaga, "What???" 
"....A-ah ehh....uhm naku! I mean hehe^_^)7 s-salamat! ako nga pala si Maika, nice meeting you!" pagpapakilala ko na lang tapos inilahad ko ang kamay ko
"Val. Val Rollsferd" tapos nakipag-shake hands sa akin 
grabe ang lambot ng kamay nya kung habambuhay ko lang itong hahawakan mahihiya ang pawis sa kamay ko

F O R E W O R D

This is a huge thank you to all the people who have read, commented or voted for my book. Every time I get a notification about my book, a massive smile blossoms on my face. I would also like to thank all the people who have encouraged me to write more. Without you all, I would not be here, writing this story. 
This book is very special to me because it exudes my thought process. As a teenager, life is not always easy and these are the years that mould us into becoming adults. This story is not about a typical high school romance, it is about Scarlett evolving from a naive young girl to a confident and a bit rebellious  woman. It is about her finding her true self and improving upon it. I personally relate to Scarlett a lot and her character is a mashup of a number of teenagers I have encountered in my life. Everyone goes through a hard time in adolescence and this is Scarlett's journey. Hopefully you guys can relate to it as well.
My story does have a lot of cuss words and swearing but adults who read this must understand that it is purely natural for a seventeen year old rebellious teen to cuss. All teenagers swear. It also contains matter about alcohol, smoking and intercourse. However I have not and  nor will I be going into depth about those topics. 
Every writer leaves a piece of themselves in their story and I am no different. Some of the incidents that have taken place in the book are based on real life incidents. When I sit down to write, the content just comes up in my mind spontaneously. I have not made a plan for this book. I have no idea how long it will go on for, how many chapters it will have etc. But what I do know is that I will pour my heart and soul into this. Updates may not be frequent and I apologise. I do have a life beyond wattpad  and sometimes it gets hectic. 
My first few chapters are absolute rubbish but keep reading and you will not be disappointed. This is my first legitimate story and with each chapter hopefully my writing will improve. I will edit and make necessary changes when I want to or after the book is over. My chapters may be short but I prefer impact over length. Also keep in mind that I was only 14 when I started  writing this book. 
Thank you for taking your time to read my book.
I love you all.
Yours truly,
saks2904. <3



June was someone who had a rough time in school. She was not too sharp with books yet not so bad. But she was in a place where people, were judged by academics and she wasn't given enough opportunity to do anything, there were people pulling her down frequently. People around were too shallow to let her be. She was that unnoticed girl who was like invisible to everyone. Her presence din't really affect anyone but nor did her absence. She thought she wouldn't make any friends in her life ever. Yet in her final two years of High School she managed to make pretty decent friends. She loved and cherished memories of those awesome people. For her love was something magical, she thought when she finds that person, it would mean something really special. It would be Something Good. Never did she knew, she would be easy on the eye of a certain guy who was pretty much opposite to her in every possible way. Well what do you know? Opposites really does attracts.
~A small sampler~
"I'm pretty sure you need me more than I need you right now," He chuckles, his breath tickling my neck as he presses his body against me so I'm against the wall.
            Catching a stray strand of my hair, he studies it meticulously as he twirls it around his finger. Flicking his gaze back to my face, a small lopsided grin tugs at the edge of his lips and I swallow hard.
            "I seriously doubt it. I'm the one paying you for this," I say, surprisingly even toned. I glower at him venomously, flattening my hands against his firm chest and pushing hard to get him away.
            Not even budging, Coda cocks an eyebrow at me and places his warm hands on both sides of my waist. Lowering his head, his lips a mere centimeter from mine, he stops.
            "I'm not the one with a family thinking I'll grow up to be single and alone with 500 cats," he murmurs.
            And what could I say to that? He was right. I was the one with the over prying family try to micromanage my love life, but I guess that's why he was here.
            Sensing my temporary lost battle, he smiles mischievously, bending his head so his lips brush mine.
            "None the less, I guess we should start practicing on how to be a believable couple."
            And with that, he presses his lips to mine, kissing me.    
~*~
            Hazel Reed, a self proclaimed loner by choice, never thought for one second that she would ever hire a boyfriend. She had her entire life planned out. In the last year of her high school life, Hazel is eager to set out somewhere far, far away, unfortunately, her meddling family wants something else entirely. With her family pressuring her to not become a crazy cat lady, unmarried and alone, Hazel has finally had enough. Hiring a man she could never fall in love with to be her boyfriend, Hazel sculpts the perfect plan involving one messed up family road trip, a wedding, and a whole lot of Lies.
            Coda Williams is the epitome of the word carefree. With YOLO as his life motto, Coda has no plans for his future, choosing to "float his boat where ever the wind takes him." –or whatever that means. So what happens when Hazel Reed, the uptight, anal class president of his highschool offers him a deal even he can't resist? Spinning into a world filled with gossiping families, hard right hooks and gangs that just can't leave him alone, Coda begins to question what exactly he has gotten himself into with Hazel Reed.
A/N-Seems cliched but please check it out :) i will make it different.
Finished: July 2015

THIS WAS MY FIRST BOOK SO I APOLOGIZE IF IT'S REALLY BAD. I DON'T KNOW WHY PEOPLE STILL LIKE IT. 
There's also a ton of mistakes because I haven't edited it yet, sorry.
I'm trying to fix it a little, but towards the end it gets better :) 
Thank you! Enjoy the book! 
-Author💋

10 years ago, that wobbly bow was practically the size of her head.
10 years ago, she had to constantly push that beanie out of her eyes.
10 years ago, she met her.
[Flashback]
"What's that on your head?" asked a curious little Latina dressed in a pink tutu, hot pink rain boots, sporting a gigantic matching pink bow on her head.
"What's that on your head?" countered back the green eyed tomboy, bangs slightly covering her face, a beanie threatening to fall off her childish head any second.
"It's my good luck bow!" the younger girl smiled proudly. "Do you want to try it on?" she asked innocently.
"I never take my beanie off." Said the older girl, matter-of-factly, pointing to the oversized fabric on her own head.
"Well, if you change your mind, my name is Camila. Not Camilla. Just one L. Do you want to be my friend?" the little one asked, a glimmer of hope in her eye.
"Mine's Lauren. Also, just one L. Are your parents building a fort?" she asked, as her green eyes settled on a large pile of empty cardboard boxes in her new neighbor's backyard.
"No..." the girl in pink grinned cheekily, "But we can!" she laughed, grabbing the girl's hand, causing her to cling to her beanie, as they ran towards the new girl's house.
And so it began...

basically, i wrote this book because i like musicals. a lot. and i want everyone else to like musicals too. each chapter is based off a prompt from the imperfection dare by beyoutiful1d, as well as off a certain musical. go watch them all and fall in love.
mariam
Heyyyy. So this is my new book. I wrote 2 others, but then stopped and deleted them. I know, I suck. Anyways, I just wanted to say a few things. 
1)I AM NOT GIVING UP ON THIS ONE
2)It's about football and I don't play football. So if I make mistakes, don't judge. 
3)Please give this book a chance. I love reading and writing. And even though I gave up on those other two books, I still need you guys to give this one a try. It would really mean a lot. 
4)Read the next chapter for the story to start!!! :D
Hey Guys!Yes, its me again...and yeah I'm writing again.     This book is fictional and any relation to anything living or dead is coincidental.
   This book is a work of my hardwork and sleepless night....if you dare to Plagiarize my book.....Oh My goodness!... I'll finish you....I'd drag you by the balls into the lake of fire...and if you're a girl.....I'd drag you by the hair (wah were you thinking?)....
    Lol...So I was just kidding...I'm.such a timid caring sweetheart who can't even harm a fly or a roach......Yeah...but I can harm Homo Sapiens.... Trust me...
    Thanks a lot for choosing to read this book....there might be some chapters in this book that might look like any one you've read here on wattpad....cuz I've seen some too but really I did not.... Did not....steal their works...
   You believe me right?.... Awwn,I'm moved to tears...(Enough with the shii Baby Doll).
 📩📩📩📩📩📩📩📩📩
The Characters in this novel are very insane....Especially the parents of Ivanna....they are very weird but please do not insult them.... Their kids are already doing that.
IVANNA SMITH- our main female character,very crazy, very beautiful ,very sarcastic, very smart.
JB EVANS- our main male character, Very very hot, wicked, unsmiling(lol), sarcastic, smart, arrogant... Yeahyeah.
IVAN AND DYLAN SMITH - Our insane brothers....Crazy bunch who are totally amazing.
CHARLOTTE EVANS- JB's step sister who's shy, funny, lovable and over protected..... Will change once Ivanna's craziness starts to rub off on her.
Hi my name is Alison Reynolds and I live in New York with my brother and mom. I'm eighteen years old and my brother is twenty one. 
  So here's my story. 
~
"Alison, can you please help me set up the place for tonight? " asked my mom.
Tonight my brother and his best friends family are having a dinner to celebrate the opening of their new company. 
"Sure mom, but I have to go shopping for a dress." I yelled as I grabbed my keys before leaving. "I'll be back in an hour to help you set up."
I got to the mall and ran into my favorite boutique.  It's my go to store when I need a dress. I tried on about five dresses before finding a beautiful short, strapless, white, tight bodycon dress. To my left I saw a pair of silver platforms and immediately added them to my shopping bag. 
When I was done with my shopping I headed home to help my mom set up. I hung a few lanterns outside and set up the table with candles, plates, and eating utensils. 
~
Soon it was time for me to get ready.  I got into the shower quickly and then started to get dressed into my dress. I decided to do some loose wand curls with a smokey eye makeup. I could hear guests starting to arrive and I was rushing to my finishing touches. 
"Alison, hurry up the guest are here." I heard my brother Derek call.
"Coming!" I yell. I started making my way downstairs when Chris, my brothers best friend pulled me by my waist. 
"Um c-can I hhe-lp you?" I stuttered while trying to remove his arm away from me.
"I just wanted a chance to tell you how beautiful you are."he said seductively while caressing my cheek. 
I couldn't help but look into those beautiful ocean blue eyes and I knew at that moment that I wanted his lips on mine.
I grabbed his hand and started pulling him upstairs. Everyone was downstairs talking so I figured no one will know. We got to my room and locked the door. He started kissing me hard. Before I knew it he pushed me down to my bed and started pulling his pants off.
"No stop!" I yelled while I got up. "We can't do this what if someone hears us and besides your my brothers best friend."
"Alison I know you want me." He said as he grabbed my waist and pulled me close to him.
With that said he kissed me and I couldn't help but kiss back with passion. He started unzipping my dress and I started unbuttoning his shirt. Before we knew it were in our undergarments, but that didn't list. He laid me down on the bed and started pulling my panties down and un clipping my bra. The only thing that was left to do was pull his Calvin Klein boxers. I felt guilty that I was doing this behind my brothers back and that I was giving him my vcard.  He spread my legs apart and got ready for his big entrance. I could feel him pushing in. I let out a small moan but not in pleasure, in pain. He started slow but as soon as it turned into pleasure I needed him.
"Oohhh..yesss...more..harder Chris harder.." I moaned
"Ssshhh, Alison someone might hear us."
We kept going until we reached our climax and then it occurred to me that we weren't using protection. 
"Chris stop! " he pulled out and I got up. "We're not using protection"
His face turned pale as he started to realize what the outcome could be.
"Look I should probably get going " he said as he started putting his clothes back on.
I started getting dressed as well and fixed my hair and headed downstairs pretending that nothing had happened. 
"Hey honey, I've been looking for you." asked My mom
"Oh sorry mom I got a headache and decided to take a small nap." I lied while grabbing a water bottle and walked to the dinner table where we all had dinner. 
Dinner was so awkward having Chris sitting right across from me and looking up at me every five seconds. 
Soon they had all left and I walked upstairs to my room. My heart was broken I was so confused did he really like me or did he just use me as his little sex toy. No! He just used me as just one of his one night stands. Suddenly I remembered we didn't use protection however I knew it was impossible for me to get pregnant especially on my first time. I was just hoping for the best. I cried myself to sleep and in between sobs I tried thinking about if it was possible for to have been pregnant,  if he would come around. Most importantly I thought how this was probably going to affect my brother and Chris' relationship. I just cried.  This is one  dinner that it will never be forgotten. 
Rain's been through hell her whole life. Between her abusive dad, her brother who blames her for everything and the bullies at school, she has it hard. But when things start to settle down and Rain discovers her long life crush ends up being her mate, she is thrilled. She can see her whole life finally coming together. Until he rejects her. Her worlds crumbles and everything keeps getting worse. The threats get physical, her brother makes her life hell and her mate brings home a different girl every night. Pain never seems to leave her side. What happens when she discovers that her brother has lied to her for years? That the person she trusted most turns around and stabs her in the back? What will she do when her biggest fear comes back to haunt her for the second time in her life, tearing her apart from the inside out? Will she ever be happy?
Hi guys! Long time no see, huh? I feel like I haven't uploaded anything in ages... which I haven't. This is my NaNoWriMo story, which I'm currently in the process of editing/rewriting. I hope you like it!
Dedicated to Defend because the title was her idea.
---------------------
             There were only three people in the kitchen, but still I felt suffocated.
            Saying this, the head count did kind of depend on whether you counted Nora as a single person; as she leaned back in her chair, stomach jutting out alarmingly over her jeans, this was certainly debatable. Hitting the eighth month of pregnancy seemed to have triggered a growth spurt for my sister’s unborn baby, as if it had suddenly realised it better get a move on if it had any hope of being born normal-sized. Nowadays, she looked as if she’d swallowed a beach ball, and most people had taken to eyeing her with a constant wariness, extremely aware of the risk of her popping at any moment.
            The abundance of clutter in Gram’s tiny kitchen wasn’t exactly helping matters. Recipe books were stacked in the most random places – on top of the microwave, in the gap between the fridge and the worktop, even a couple functioning as a doorstop – which made no sense at all. Gram was what you might call an experimental chef; she relied more on her own instinct than printed instructions. Usually, this meant throwing odd combinations of ingredients together and hoping for the best.
            And, as if that wasn’t enough, she seemed to harbour a strange fetish for post-it notes. Masses were stuck all over the kitchen, most of them concentrated onto the fridge door, but the words scrawled across them were barely legible. I was in the middle of trying to work out what egg red oon meant when I noticed Gram had placed a steaming mug right under my nose.
            Tea. Clearly, she’d not only missed the morning forecast that said we were in for highs of twenty-five, but had also failed to look out of the window and notice the sun shining over the town of Walden-on-Sea.
            “Isn’t this exciting?”
            Looking up, I caught sight of Nora smiling wildly at the both of us. Her grin stretched so far across her face I thought it might split it clean in half; she seemed to be having trouble controlling her glee.
            On the contrary, there was no danger of me having the same problem.
            “I just can’t believe it’s finally happening, you know? Lenny and I getting our own place, Flo coming to live right by the sea! Won’t it be lovely? Everything’s just turning out to be so perfect.”
            Perfect was not the word I would’ve used to describe the situation, but I wasn’t about to ruin Nora’s good mood. Besides, I knew all too well that her crazy hormones could have that covered in three seconds flat. I’d spent the whole journey here listening to her nonstop chatter – detailing how wonderful it was going to be, how lucky I was to be able to step right out of the house and onto the beach, what colours she and Lenny were going to paint the baby’s nursery (leaf green was looking their best option at the moment). The problem was I just didn’t share her enthusiasm. I felt bad, really I did, but I just couldn’t bring myself to be excited about the prospect of relocating from busy north London to the spectacularly boring seaside town of Walden-on-Sea to live with my grandmother.
            It all started somewhere around the start of Nora’s second trimester – a point at which she’d suddenly decided it’d be a good idea to sell the cosy London flat we’d shared forever and shack up with her hippie boyfriend Lenny.
Chapter One: The Beginning
Naomi's Pov
Maaga akong magising ngayon dahil Excited ako sa school program namin ngayon....naligo na ako at bumababa na ako para makisabay kay Daddy at Mommy ...
"Oh Naomi ang Aga mo naman magising ngayon" sabi ni Mommy
"Kasi Mommy Excited ako sa School Program namin sa School ehh" excite kong sinabi
 "Ahh ganon ba? sige pupunta na kami ng Mommy mo sa office ahh"Nakangiting sinabi ni Dad at umalis na sila at ako nanaman ang naiwan pagkatapos kong kumain nag tooth brush ako at tinawag ko na si kuya Tommy at pumunta na ako sa School

*Mt.Carmel University*
Pagkalabas ko agad kong nakita si Matthew na kinakausap mga tropa niya at pumunta ako doon para sunduin siya
At nung sinundo ko na siya hindi kami nagusap ewan ko ba kung bakit ganyan siya ngayon tatanungin ko sana siya pero nahihiya ako at nung nakapunta na kami sa Gym doon kasi magaganap ang school program ang program na yun ay tungkol sa Science kaya ako excited kasi favorite kong Subject ang Science
Pero nung nasimula na yung program bigla akong kinausap ni Matthew pupunta daw siya sa tropa ni kasi ayaw niya daw itong subject na to at umalis na siya
Nung natapos na yung program pumunta ako sa Canteen wala akong kaibigan dito sa Mt.Carmel kundi yung mga tropa lang ni Matthew namimiss ko na nga yung kaibigan ko na si Ehla kasi ayaw niyang sumama saakin dito sa Mt.Carmel kaya ako umalis doon kasi gusto kong makamove on kay Andy...
Ako pala nakipagbreak kay Andy Ewan ko nga kung bakit ko siya hiniwalayan ehh nagsisisi na ako ngayon ewan ko lang kung nakamove on na si Andy saakin....Kasi lahat ginawa niya para mapasaya ako tapos hiniwalayan ko siya parang ako na ang Dakilang Tanga sa Buong Pilipinas ako naman nakamove on na ako simula nung nakilala ko si Matthew...
 Anyway Back to reality ulit tayo pagkatapos kong pumunta ng canteen pumunta na ako sa Classroom ko Class A ako at si Matt ay Class B sila Matt minsan ay palaging nagdiditch yun minsan pinagaawayan namin parang gusto ko na nga sumuko ehh pero matatag parin ako Dumating na ang Professor namin at naglecture siya sobrang boring nun pagkatapos ng Klase pumunta ako sa Classroom ni Matt pero wala siya doon siguro nagditch nanaman sila nagpasundo na lang ako kay kuya Tommy 

*Collins Mansion*
Pumunta ako sa Kwarto ko para magpahinga at napaiglip ako at nung nagising ako pumunta ako sa living room para tumambay doon hinintay ko na umuwi sila Mommy at Daddy pero nakarecieve ako ng text na gabi ulit sila uuwi kaya kumain na lang ako magisa habang kumakain ako bigla ko naisip si Matt na hindi niya ako masiyadong pinapansin kanina nakakalungkot naman sana bukas kausapin niya na ako ng matino
Pagkatapos kong kumain pumunta na ako sa kwarto ko upang maglaptop muna bago matulog pagkatapos kong maglaptop nagtooth brush na ako at na tulog na.
*Dream Land*
May nakita akong isang lalaki na gusto akong isayaw mukhang party ang location nito pero di ko lang alam kung anong party yun at nagsayaw kami nung lalaki di ko makita yung  mukha niya kasi blurd ......
Nagising na ako

Ang Ganda naman nung panaginip na yun siguro yun yung makakasayaw ko sa 18th birthday ko hay aasa ka nanaman Naomi sabi ko sa isip ko tapos natulog ulit ako 
A/N:
Siguro Mga 2 to 3 chapters pa po bago makita ulit ni Naomi si Andy Abangan na lang po natin
                   
Tudo indica que está na hora do final feliz.
Depois de anos, Paco e Lili finalmente estão juntos, e estão esperando um bebê. Com a sensação maravilhosa de amar sem impedimentos, às vezes, para os dois, tudo parece bom demais para ser verdade.
Mas, fora do conto de fadas, o mundo real ainda está cheio de dificuldades.
Quando a renúncia de Paco como Chefe reforça a instabilidade política no mundo dos cupidos, e os estudos sobre o Verdadeiro Amor revelam que o eterno é relativo, muitos urubus circundando a carniça enxergam uma ótima oportunidade para a tomada do poder. 
Para evitar que tudo desmorone, Paco e Lili precisarão ir atrás da única pessoa que talvez possua a solução para os problemas.
 ♥


    "I haven't received more than half of the assignments I gave to the class. You're not doing so well on any of your tests. You have a 38 percent in this class."
  No words came out of my mouth as my head hung low,my eyes glued to the white tiled floor. Guilt and disappointment churned in my stomach. I didn't feel the slightest bit humiliated about my mark. I was used to having such low marks. However, no matter how many times I fail or been informed I was failing, the guilt and disappointment in myself was always there, eating me alive.It became so strong that I started hating myself. I despised myself for being so stupid and for disappointing my parents and teachers.I've been told by teachers that there was no point in me being in school if I wasn't going to finish my homework and paying attention in class.
    "What's wrong?"
  That caught me off guard since it was the last thing I expected Mrs. Earon to say.The fact that she didn't sound the slightest bit disappointed seemed almost unbelievable to me. Wasn't she going to tell me to work harder?Or that If I kept this up, I would have to go to summer school?
    "What do you mean?" I asked, bringing myself to speak. I wasn't really used to talking to anyone except my family. I barely went got out of the house,seen or hung out with my friends since 8th grade. I moved from Pickering to Ajax since I was picked on too much for a few years. I spent freshmen year alone, sitting in the hallway. I had the occasional "hi" and "what's wrong?" from people who were either nice or had pity for me. I didn't bother to talk to anyone though.
  I knew if I became friends with one of them, I would depend on them and unload my baggage on them. That's why i haven't seen or spoke to my friends the past couple of years. Telling them how sad and depressed i was only wore them down. The fact that none of them could relate didn't help either. So i cut all ties with them.
    "I mean you always have your head down, you don't talk to anyone in the class. Some kids are trying to be your friend but you keep pushing them away. I'm really concerned about you,Noah. I know you're not acting this way because you're a "bad kid" or too lazy to get any work done. Something is troubling you. I'm not going to force you to tell me but I want to let you know that I'm here if you need to talk and I'm not going to to let you fail. Do you want to pass my class?"
    "Yes." I said in a whisper. I wanted to erase all the bad memories and negative thoughts I had so I could pass my classes, graduate, go to college and be successful in life.
    "That's all that matters. Just as long as you want pass your classes and be successful in life, that's all I ask."
  She gave me a small simple smile that had the power to make me smile, getting rid of the feeling of being worthless.
    "So what do you want me to do? Do you want me to give you an extension for the project that is due next week? You can worry about it after you're done your assignments and rewrite your tests. I will take late marks off for each assignment though. Fair enough?"
  My smile grew wider as I nodded my head. In the back of my mind there was a thought floating around my mind, saying i didn't deserve this chance but i pushed it away.
    "Yes! Thank you. How long do I get?"
    "I don't want to rush you or put any more pressure on you. It's November so you have about 2 months and a week until exams. Can you try to finish them when you come back from Christmas Break?"
  I nodded my head, unsure If I was cable of doing that all by myself but she was giving me this opportunity and I wasn't going to waste it. I'm not going to disappoint her! I'm going to finish all those assignments even if that meant sleepless nights.
    "Oh and you don't have to finish every assignment you missed, just enough so i can give you a 50. I suggest you do the ones that are worth the most marks.You will do all the tests though.Any questions?"
"Yes. Will i still be coming to class or do you want me to work in the library?"
    "Library. I feel that you'll be overwhelmed by me teaching something to the class while you're working on something else."
    "Okay."
  I turned to leave but she spoke again,making me stop in my tracks.
    "One more thing. Is it alright if I get you a tutor?"
    "Tutor?" I repeated.
    "Yes. Just someone to help you get those assignments done. I have a son at home and I'm also busy teaching 3 classes so unfortunately I don't think i can help you. I was going to ask one of the staff to help you but I think it's best if a student here tutored you. I have someone in mind. He's a little older than you but I guarantee he's one of the best."
    "Can i think it over?"
    "Of course. Just give me your answer by Friday. You can leave now."
    "Okay. Thanks once again Mrs.Earon"
  Although I was overjoyed that Mrs.Earon understood and obviously didn't want me to be so hard on myself, these thoughts returned to my head, making me more determined to change myself.
  I can't imagine myself having a future but If I stay like this, i will never have one.
  There are people in this world suffering, going through worse than this. I need to stop being so weak.
  Although I don't feel like living, I have to so I won't hurt my mom....
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thanks for taking the time to read this! It'll get better as the story progresses~
Just a few things before you read. Don't get mad at me when you don't read this and get confused. Seriously. And someone complained me and told me I was being a bitch, so I'm just saying here that I'm not trying to be a one. I'm just telling it like it is. I need you guys, the readers, to understand that this is a first draft, and I'm not going to proofread and copy edit a first draft when I could be working on a second draft. It's honestly a waste of time. 
This isn't isn't non-understandable. It's coherent. There are just a few spots where "he" should be a "she" and vice versa. Read on and please keep in mind that I'm not trying to be a bitch; I'm just clarifying. 
1. Paisley is Brier. Brier is Paisley. I started writing this story with Brier being the main character, but then I changed it to Paisley. They're the same person. Please stop asking who Brier is. 
2. Jude Andrews is a bad boy, notoriously. Please stop asking me why Paisley calls him by his first and last name. He's known at school for being trouble. She isn't usually associated with trouble. She feels the need to call him by both names; it's not a big deal. 
3. Jude orders coffee. Paisley orders banana milkshakes. Stop asking about this, too. I write fast. I don't proofread. Sometimes Jude is drinking a milkshake. He could be drinking Paisley's, but most likely it's a mistake. 
4. I'm not French. Please stop correcting me in the comments. Cafe D'amour, according to Google, means 'coffee love.' 
5. Stop correcting my grammar and spelling in the comments. I'm sorry, but I never asked people to point out mistakes (I don't believe), so please stop. I'm good at grammar, so I can correct my own writing. This is a rough draft. I don't proofread. There will be mistakes. Please stop correcting mine. I don't need to know that I typed "he" instead of "she". I'll find it when I edit. But for now I really don't care. There's a difference between telling me that I said Presley said (another character in another story) instead of Paisley said and typing "he" instead of "she." I don't mind you correcting the former. 
I'm sorry if I came off harsh, but this story has been up for a year now (it's currently Saturday, February 22, 2014), and I keep getting comments asking questions that can be answered in the five points above. Please don't ask me anymore questions regarding what I've already discussed. If you don't, I won't respond. I'll know you didn't read this. 
Again, I'm done being mean. I hope you enjoy the story! :D I love all of you who've read this and loved it! <3
~
“Three months.”
            Dr. Caldwell says it with so much finality that I’m scared. Sounding so sure, sounding so positive, that it scares me. I know he’s correct; I know that this can’t be an error. And that scares me. He didn’t do the tests wrong, and he’s been doing his job for what seems like since the beginning of time. He’s the best in his field. So I know that he’s not wrong. And that scares me.
            Blandly, I ask, “Are you sure?” I know he’s right, therefore I hope I’m wrong.
            Giving me a curt nod, he tightens his lips before speaking. “Yes, Ms. Daniels, I’m sure this isn’t the best news you’ve received all week, but I’m afraid that I’m not mistaken.”
            I shake my head, understanding. “No, no, I get what you’re saying…”
            Dr. Caldwell dips his head toward me, putting clipboard underneath his arm. “But?”
This book contains the practice of witchcraft. Contains some violence and sexual situations. Contains some offensive language. 
For ages 14 and up.
Playboy. That's what he was. A player. 
I swear, he changes girlfriends like he changes clothes. Everyday, there's a new girl and the next day, he cheats on them and breaks their heart. The pattern repeats. 
He's gone through every single girl in our grade - the losers, the nerds, the popular kids.... Rumor has it that he even got kinky with a  Paris exchange student. 
The only girl he hasn't broken yet, is me. And I find this surprising, considering I am one of the most popular girls in school, not to brag or anything. 
But I hate him. Why? For breaking my best friends heart, that's why. Adison Mclean - another one of the popular girls here, and one of the most prettiest, I'd say. Blonde hair, blue eyes, pretty face, cute outfits - she's practically a supermodel. And she's my bestie. She dated Anthony Roberts for 5 days, then ran home crying. The bastard broke her - cheated on her with Stephanie Lane, who also had her heartbreak a week after. 
I despise that rotten bastard. And I'm gonna date him. 
{•••••}
Okay! Thats all for now. Hope you liked it even though that last part probably made absolutely no sense, but, trust me, it will later on. Thanks for reading and ya. ☺️
Chapter 1 - Home Sweet Home
"I'm Mrs. Peterson and I see we have a new student. Annalise Jacobs? Which one of you is that?" The teacher called over the other students. Her eyes searched the room eagerly. Why is it that teachers always seem to get excited for a new student?
Oh, wait. I know. It's because I have a 4.0 gpa, and a perfect image. Khakis and polos everyday. Carmel hair slick and straight, held back by a thick head band, showing off my slight freckles. Plump pink lips, pale blue eyes, and a perfect medium complexion. I definitely have always held the good girl nerdy look, and teachers love it.
"That's me." I say quietly and raise my hand.
She settles on the sight of me and her face upturns into a large grin. Her hands clasp together and they rest lightly on her pink sweater. Her eyes are a warm and welcoming shade of green. She's exactly what comes to mind when I imagine an English teacher.
"I'm shocked I couldn't weed out your pretty face. I remember you Annalise." Her compliment and words don't go unnoticed like I was wishing for and students turn to me.
I gave her a slight smile back. Some kids in the class continued staring at me. Clearly none of them recognized me. I admit I have changed quite a bit.
"Annalise here has quite the good record class. If she keeps going this route, you can say hi to your new valedictorian. Some of you could even take some pointers from her."
Nothing screams 'nerd' like valedictorian.
I heard someone loudly exhale from behind me. They sounded amused over my situation. As tempted as I am to look back, I will not. I will keep my eyes on the board. I don't have time for people who only want to judge me, but I do have time to throw a quick middle finger over my shoulder
Confidence is something I've learned throughout the years of being gone from this school.
-
I wandered the halls aimlessly after class. The bell had rang long ago but I'm still in search of my locker. I had no time to find it before my first class, but with gaining two English books, I need to drop some things off. My bag has been cutting into my shoulder for a while now and it's driving me nuts. I'm sure I have a red indent near the collar of my polo.
I stopped in the middle of a strange hall and let out a loud groan. How could I forget so much after only three years?
A locker slammed shut behind me and I felt my body lurch a little. "Ha. Nerd." The quiet hall echoed with soft laughter.
Heavy footsteps behind me came nearer and nearer. "Who do you think you're calling a nerd?" I twirled to face the boy who dared make fun of me.
I may be a nerd at heart, but I will not let someone push me around.
"Clearly I just called you one." His voice joked.
He came closer to me and stood just inches in front of me. "Oh my God!" I shrieked. "Elliot!"
Elliot was my best friend before I had to move. We lost touch for a while but I emailed him as soon as I found out that I was coming back for senior year.
"Hey there shorty." He ruffled my hair and pulled me in for a hug.
"I'm not short." I mumbled into his chest.
"You used to be, what happened?" He leaned back and looked me up and down. The last time I saw him, I was merely 5' 2" but over the years I've sprouted to an average 5' 5".
Hey guys! this is my first story and i hope it doesn't suck.
BTW, this one's edited.
enjoy!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter 1
Vince:
New message from Elaine!
Vince?
I uhm, I just forgot to tell you something last night
I think I ah-- 
I think I'm in love with you
"You won't believe this dude. Elaine just--"
My eyes widened and rushed straight to my laptop. "You opened my Facebook account again?!" I said, pushing him off our center table.
He fell, of course, and he's hurt. "What is your problem?! I am your best friend and I have the right to be informed about my dude's life."
"Yeah, right. Heard of the thing called privacy?" I was sitting here in front of my Apple Mac Pro laptop, trying to find out what is it that Elaine said that made Dave act like that.
"Whatever. As I was saying, Elaine just confessed something. Check it out." He motioned towards the screen as if telling me to really check it out.
In love? With me? This can't be. I thought to myself.
Tapping my back, Dave reacted, "I know, I know, it's kind of sudden and shocking but man! You cannot just stare at the screen! Say something, it's your chance!"
Wait. My brain stopped functioning right now.
My fingers started typing, unconsciously.
I'm sorry Elaine. It's not what you think. I just don't like you.
"W-wait! Vince what are you--"
Enter.
"--Nooooo!!!!!!"
Your chat message wasn't sent because Elaine is offline.
"Whew! That was close!" Dave stared like there was a big chunk removed from his throat.
He stared at me with that look in his eyes, as if trying to kill me."What?"
"What? You're asking me what?" He grabbed me in the neck, choking me. "Are you out of your mind Vincent Coax?!"
"No." I said, playing innocent.
"No? Then what are you? A born stupid? Come on man!"
"What? Is there a problem with what I just did?"
He released a sigh, obviously dismayed and irritated. "Okay, I understand that you're stressed, so allow me to encode everything on your mind that needs to be upgraded. Ready?"
I'm not even interested, but since he's my best friend, I have no choice. "Yeah, go ahead."
"That girl is Elaine Thompson. We met her when we're in kindergarten and she's always our classmate since then until last school year. And ever since that day we met her, you--"
"I know that already!" I exclaimed not wanting to hear the rest of his sentence.
"Ssh. You need this. From that day on, you've always liked her. And just a few minutes ago, that same girl said that she loves you. And here you are destroying everything!" he said with a raised tone. He grabbed my shoulders and began shaking my body.
"Stop shaking me!"I pushed him away. "I'm not destroying everything, okay. It's just that I-"
"Don't want to be in any serious relationship? Please, Vince. Stop being a coward. Not just because your parents--"
A sudden feeling of irritation and anger stirred up my heart. "Don't ever bring that thing anymore!" I stood up and headed to my room.
It took me almost seven minutes to reach my room at the second floor of the house, or should I say, mansion. Our house is too big for only 6 people - two maids, a gardener, a driver, grandmom and me. The seventh would be Dave. He's here almost every day. 
My room was big, but looks a bit loaded because of all my mess. There's my guitar, a limited edition Strat worth 950,000 USD. In my table was my special notebook where I write all my songs. Yeah, I'm into music-so into music.
As I close the door, I heard Dave shouting. "You can run all you want, but it'll never get you somewhere. I'm leaving."
Sigh. Yea, maybe he's right. But no matter how far I run, it keeps haunting me.
I lay down my bed and covered my face with my hands. Deep breath.
I like her, yes. But love? Come on, it wasn't for me. I don't know it and I wouldn't want to know. After what happened to Mom and Dad, I never even bothered knowing or at least trying to learn what that thing is.
Oh I'm sorry; you might be confused with what's happening. By the way, my name is Vince, Vincent Coax. Music, money and myself - that's all that matters to me and of course, my best friend, Dave. Dave and I grew practically together since our families have been engaged into some business partnership long before we were born. He is your typical woman's guy - a guy who can make all the girls say yes with his charm - and like me, he has never been in love. Well, I guess most playboys haven't.
It was on our kindergarten when we met Elaine. She was a transfer student back then and she knew no one in our class. She was the very first person who ever asked Dave and me to take a seat beside us because back then, no one ever tried. I wonder why, but maybe because Dave and I came from the most powerful families and kids our age didn't bother meddling with us.
Her warm smile, her pink lips and her golden locks were the things that attracted me to her. The way how she calls my name with her young sweet voice was like a magical melody to my ears. Eyes that speak of her thoughts and feelings were one of her assets. She was the kind of girl Mom used to talk to me about - very lady-like, well-mannered and calm.
Since then, the three of us became friends and we grew up together - except for Elaine who is always going with her parents in some business trips. I came to know her better, even the down side of her being. And for the last two weeks, I started dating her.
I knew since then that she was the girl I like and who I would like to spend each time of every day. But after what happened eight years ago, I reconsidered.
While earnestly thinking, I heard my phone ringing so I immediately grabbed it and checked out the screen.
Grandma calling...
"Hi grandma." I said, picking it up.
"Hey sweetie, guess who's coming over for dinner tonight."
She sound so delighted, I can hear it through her voice. "Who?"
"Hmm, let's just say that it's going to be a family feast tonight. You know what I mean sweetie?"
Family feast? Heck no. "That would be great. Bye." Call ended. I hope I didn't sound fake when I said that. So, they're coming over again huh? This is hell. 
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you like it..please vote, comment or fan!
I'm sitting on my bed when I heard my car go of. I know exactly who was causing that. No one else but Jacob Phillips. 
I ran outside to find my car completely ruined. By ruined I mean. Pretty pink giant bows all over. 
I was not the type of girl to wear or do anything girly. I walked over to his mansion and pressed the door bell numerous times.
" hi princess" he said 
" don't you hi princess me you are going to clean my car right now even if it takes the whole night"
Jacob's parent and my parents were one of the richest family living in Georgia. We both grew up together and our parents were best friends. But we hated each other and our parents new it. But I didn't hate him I actually had a crush on him but he hated me so I never bothered telling him.
He stood in the door way and i pushed him out the way and went in his house. I shouted for his mother but she wasn't home. He couldn't tell me the maid had to. 
" Jacob, get outside right now and clean up my car." I shouted at him.
" princess calm down." He said 
He tried to walk back into the house but I drag him out. Well at least it tried to drag him out. His muscular ass did not move a inch.
I look at him and he chuckled. Was he laughing at me. Damn it why do I have to be so weak. 
When I let him go he walked outside and walked over to my car. Even though I liked him he sometimes got on my last nerves. 
I watch him take of all the girly shit he put on my car, he look kind of cute when he was doing hard work. Not that taking bows of a car was hard work.
" all done princess" he shouted 
" thank you" I said with a sigh" and stop calling me princess it getting very annoying" I added as I went back inside.
JACOB'S P.O.V 
the only reason i made her car all girly is because of what she did to me last week.i had to get her back somehow. and  when she would get mad she was pretty hot when she gets mad.
So here's what she did. She hang a big'ol bucket of glitter over my front door. When I walked out this thing fell on me then she sprayed me with the hose. I mean I had glitter In my beautiful hair for days. I had to get her back but I didn't go as I planned cause I ended up cleaning it up.
i kind of though she was sexy. i wouldn't go out with her but i would bang her. she was such a little princess that why i called her that and because she doesn't like it. i love pissing her of and any chance i had i would take it.
*Chapter 1*
Sophia's POV
The last day of summer is always the day me and my best friend spend together. Whether it be at the mall or having a movie day at the pack house. Yes i said pack house meaning me and my best friend are werewolves. We live in Bristol, Va. But today was different Jason my best friend called me and asked if I could meet him at the park. He showed up about five minutes after I did with a grim look upon his face.
 As soon as he reached me he grabbed my hand and led me to the tree we used to climb as kids while our mothers would joke about us being mates. But today I could tell that he had  something to say that would change our lives, even though tomorrow is his birthday and he would officially find his mate and maybe finally get rid of his girl friend for the past two years, Stacy. Not that I dont like her, but there was something lately that made me really angry when i seen them together. Pulling me out of my thoughts Jason began to speak.
"Sophi..." he states "I have to tell you something."
Neverously, I ask 'What is it? You can tell me anything."
"Stacy.....called today..." he sighs depressingly "and said she was.....pregnant", he states with eyes full of unshed tears.
With his words I could feel my self getting angry just like the past couple of day when I would see them together. I regain my calm voice enough to ask, "What are you going to do if she is not your mate?"
Jason sits there for a moment thinking, "I dont know", he finally answers, as i see a single tear fall from his ocean blue eyes, that he tries to wipe away before I can see.
A future Alpha is not supposed to show weakness but I can tell losing his mate will weaken him. His true mate is the only one that will be able to help him lead the pack. That is why fate and Moon Goddess chose them.
"Well what ever you decide to do please promise me you will not reject your mate." I state as calmly as I can with my anger raging inside me.
"What is she doen't want me when she finds out?", he asks.
"Just explain how you felt about Stacy and make sure she understands that you will be faithful to her for now on. She will help you get through this. She will love you no matter what." I tell him.
He Sighs before saying "I will think about it. Also I promise, I will think about not rejecting her."
We sat there under our tree for the rest of the afternoon. When I got home all that ran through my mind was how could I get so angry at what Jason said today about Stacy? I just put it off as being an over protective best friend.
~~~~~~~*~~~~~~~
Jason's POV
After my talk with Sophia today I felt more sure that my mate will still love me with my decision about Stacy. I don't want to hurt my mate and I may have promised Sophia that I would think about not rejecting my mate, but since the moment Stacy told me and the more I think about it the more I think rejection is my answer. So I've decided that no matter what I'm rejecting my mate tomorrow and at my party tomorrow night I will announce Stacy is my mate so I can be in my child's life.
After getting ready for bed I decided to call Stacy.
"Hey baby", she answers after the second ring.
" Hey Stacy, I've decided to reject my mate torrowand help you raise the baby...but if we are going to do this I need to know that you won't run off so, at the party for the alliance between our pack and the  Autumn Moon Pack and to celebrate mine and Alpha Antonio's birthday's tomorrow night, I will also  mark you after the baby is born." 
"Ok, Jason..." she says after a few moments.
"But, Stacy.....I, Jason Grey, future Alpha of the WhiteStar Pack order you to reject your mate when you find him." I say letting as much of my alpha tone as i can muster into my voice.
"Yes, Jason" she says sounding as if she were going to cry just thinking about leaving her mate.
Defnenin agzından ;Ömerle evliyiz. Ama ne evlilik. Beni hiç umursamıyor. Bana hâla çok kızgın ve kırgın. Ben hiç yokmuşum gibi davranıyor. Ceza mı da çekiyorum zaten . En büyük acı. Kalbim katlanamaz diye çok korkuyorum bazen. Ben ömerle evliligimizi hiç böyle düşünmemiştim. Ama bana dedikleri kalbimin üstüne taş koydu sanki .FlasbackÖ: HADİ BENİ NASIL KANDIRDIGINI ANLATSANA ! NASIL KUKLA GİBİ OYNATIGINID: ömer ilk önce sakin olurmusun ben seni gerçekten sevdimÖ: O YÜZDEN Mİ 200 BİN TL Yİ ALDIND:NAPSAYDIM ABİM GÖZLERİMİN ÖNÜNDE ÖLMESİNE İZİN Mİ VERSEYDİMÖ: EN AZINDAN BANA SÖYLEYEBİLİRDİN D:KORKTUM İŞTE ŞUAN Kİ BU ANI YAŞAMAKTAN KORKTUMÖ: BİR DAKİKA YA SEN BU TASARIM İŞİNİ BIRAK BENCE ZATEN HAYAT KADINISIN ONU DEVAM ETTİR... Defne ömere tokat atar.D:AGZINDAN ÇIKANI KULAGIN DUYSUNFlasback son ! (MULTİMEDYA AÇIN )Defnenin agzından :Şuan ne yapıyorum aglıyorum işte onun için aglıyorum. Nefret bile etmiyorum. Sadece kırgınım. Ona hâla aşıgım hemde deliller gibi. Yapamıyorum onsuz işte. Yapamıyorum. Gidemiyorum. Kimsem yok ! Anannem bile yok . ( defnenin aglaması şiddetlenir ) ananne! D: ANANNE ! GEL ÇOK İHTİYACIM VAR LÜTFEN GEL . SANA ÇOK İHTİYACIM VAR . GEL ... Ananne gel lütfen . Bırakma beni. Saçlarımı okşa , ögüt ver bana eskilerde ki gibi . Sadece sen ol ananne . Başka kimse olmasın. Sadece sen! Ömerin agzından ;Defne ile evliyiz. Çok kırgınım ona. Ama hâla pes etmedi. Gitmesini bekliyorum ama gitmiyor. Bende gidemiyorum.     Evde iki yabancıyız. Onun kalbini kırdım. Hemde fazlasıyla kırdım. Flasback... Defne sabah erkenden kalkmış. Kahvaltı hazırlamıştır. Ve ömeri bekliyordur.D: günaydın kahvaltı hazırladım. Beraber kahvaltı edelim mi ? Ö: ben şirkette gidiyorum. Kendi kahvaltını kendin yap . Bundan sonra sabah bile görüşmeye biliriz. Lütfen mecbur olmadıkça konuşmayalım ... Defnenin gözlerinden yaşlar süzülmeye başlar.D: ama-... Ömer kapıyı çarpıp çıkar .
Merhaba hey milllet ! Yeni bir hikayeye daha varmısınız ? Deföm 2. Sezon !!!!!!!! Begeni ve voltleri bekliyorum ...
I feel like it's time to write this now. (9.22.15)
One: this book is UNEDITED, which clearly means NOT EDITED. There will be a lot of mistakes. I really don't have time for editing right now. And if I'm going to spend time editing, it'll be a different book.
Two: I wrote this TWO years ago. I didn't really plan the book out well, I just wrote it despite all the annoying characters and giant plot holes. I had fun writing it so eh. 
Three: You WILL get annoyed! Now I'm not saying don't read the book, go ahead. I'm only saying this because I get annoyed reading some of the stuff I've written. And like I said, that doesn't mean don't read it, just go in knowing the main character is a pain in the ass.
Four: DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES WRITE SLUT/WHORE IN THE COMMENTS! Call her a bitch or an asshole, but DO NOT use those words in the comments. They will be deleted. This is a big issue with anything. I talk about it more at the end of this story. And it's not just this story, never leave those kinds of words in a comment on ANY story by ANYONE.
Five: There is a second book - that in my unbiased opinion - is way better than this one. Hopefully you'll stick around long enough to read it. If not, that's okay. This book is not going to be for everyone. I write for myself in the hopes it'll amuse others. And I don't want my other books to be judged off this one. I've grown and learned a lot during my Wattpad journey. I do recommend you read my other books before this one to be honest.
So thank you for reading, if you do read it. I appreciate all the positive comments and all the votes. This story wouldn't have gone far without the support.

The royal family is already very large. It extends to several people, and also over a hundred lords and ladies, all with their own title and own expectances of special treatment. To tell Prince Roger, the son of the Queen Veronica that a woman who had recently died had left a will stating that her only daughter was his relation was so questionable and laughable that when he received the news all he could do for a moment was smile. Prince Thomas, his son, happened to be with him at the moment and went as far as to give a hearty laugh. His father had been married only twice, once to the Princess Anne, who had died tragically, and now to the Duchess Marsha. The idea that a woman would even have the audacity to name her child his daughter was comical.
"And why have you even bothered me with this information?" Prince Roger asked of the messenger.
"Because of the circumstances surrounding it," the messenger responded.
"Which are?"
"This woman happened to have royal connections at one point in her life, and it has been proven she was at court several times during that period."
"There have been thousands of women at court," Roger said, beginning to sound bored. "It proves nothing. I had no connections to any women, and I am sure I have countless people who can prove that for me."
"Yes, sir," the messenger said, earnestly. "But the woman's daughter... there is... something in her manner and her appearance. Sir... her features."
Prince Roger did not flinch. "Does Her Grace know about this nonsense?" he asked.
"Yes, my lord," the messenger said humbly. "And it is her wish you see the girl at once."Roger looked shocked and confused. "She knows? And yet she wants me to meet the child? Are you sure?"
"It is what I have been told to say, my lord. You see, the woman was a gypsy; she traveled with a group of European entertainers. She had no husband, and raised her daughter alone. Her Grace the Queen is quite sharp in memory, my lord. She insists she remembers a troupe coming through Fengland and performing in court. She says she remembers this woman, a young lady at the time. She says she was tall and beautiful with rich red hair and eyes like emeralds."
"Does she now?" Prince Roger murmured. "How interesting that Her Grace would remember this group of entertainers out of all that have passed through here..."
"No matter what she does and does not remember," Prince Thomas spoke up, "My grandmother is persistent- stubborn. She will be firm in her decision that you should meet this child."
"I know what my mother is like!" Roger snapped, suddenly uneasy. "And it is unlike her to insist on something without strong reason."
He looked up at the messenger who stood there quietly, watching the father and son with masked inquisitiveness.
"You may go now," the older prince said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
"Father, you will really meet the girl?" Thomas said low, watching the retreating figure.
"The Queen's word is law," Roger said briskly, his composure gained again in an instant. "Although I am positive nothing will come out of it."____________________
She shuffled her feet, her dark face sullen and painted with the boredom that adolescents do so well. For a palace so grand, she was dismal. She stood in the hallway, plated with gold and filled with antique furniture, vases and paintings, carved and inlaid with jewels and windows hung with heavy, gold threaded curtains. She dared not even lean against one of the pillars, afraid she might leave a smudge of dirt. Instead, she stood upright in the center of the hallway, in her plain brown jacket and jeans torn all the way up her legs. Her boots were perhaps the only new thing she was wearing, and the rest of her attire dimmed even their black polished gleam.
Summary:
Chuck Smith has everything he's ever wanted. He's the star QB in 10th grade, and has the entire school eating out of the palms of his hands, including the cheerleaders. He uses them like toys, playing with their hearts and them tossing them to the side when he's done. Yet, they still love him.
Chuckie Smith is the complete opposite of Chuck, which no one can seem to grasp, since they're twins. Though he's the starting, varsity running back (in 10th grade), he doesn't boast about it. After all, he's only been interested in one girl since he was eight years old. He's honest in his opinions and is kind towards others.
Then, their lives are changed forever. When Chuck falls at a football game, the doctors notice something off about him. Tests, tests, and more tests confirm the diagnosis, yet nobody wants to believe it. Their whole lives are turned upside down as Chuck battles to become what he used to be, to get back on top.

This book is part of a series. This is the first book in the series, the order as follows:
1) Enduring the Fire
2) Ashes

I'm aware the boys' last names change throughout the book from Davis to Smith and back again. Pick your favorite and pretend like that's the one for the whole book.

Vabbe ci ho provato, non è un granché. 😂
Oddio che imbarazzo 🙈🙈
Chapter 1 - Almost Done
*Unedited*   I sigh as Ms. Elizabeth yells at James once again.

"But what if you enjoy it? Sex is like healthy." James argues, I slap my hand to my forehead. Is he serious?
"James! Go to the principal office!" 
"Finally. Took you long enough." He mumbles.
     James couldn't just stop being a stupid jerk for the last two weeks of school? I mean we are seniors and school is ending in two weeks, grow up already! 
"Ok class! Now that mister Collen is gone we can -" she gets cut off by the bell going off. I sigh in relief.
     I walk out the class and suddenly hands cover my eyes, I giggle knowing who it is.
"Guess who?" She says, I laugh.
"Ms. Jackson?" She hits the back of my head, which causes more laughter.
"Why the hell would our principal put her hands over your eyes?" Delia, my best friend, says laughing. I shrug.
"You never know."
"Hey girlies!" Our other best friend, Carrie, says. Delia and I smile at her.
"Hey Carrie." We say at the same time.
"What's up my bitches!!" Our best friend Miles say. I laugh as Miles winks at us three, while Delia rolls her eyes and Carrie scoffs. 
     Delia and Carrie are not very fond of Miles but to bad for then. Delia had a huge crush on Miles back in 7th grade but was crushed in 9th grade when she found out he is gay. Then Carrie just doesn't like Miles.
"Hey Miles." I kiss his cheek.
"Miles." Carrie and Delia says under their breath, I roll my eyes at their childishness.
    As we walk to our last class Miles and I make small talk, talking about what we will be doing over the summer. Turns out Miles will be over by his dad and his dads new wife. While Delia, Carrie, and I will be at each others house or the beach and etc.
"Delia!!" Someone yells out. We all turn around and see it Alec Johns. He has the biggest crush on Delia and all she does is play with his feelings. She groans under her breath while Carrie and I laugh.
"Hi Alec." He blushes right away.
"H-Hi, i-i wanted to ask you something." She rolls her eyes and nod.
"Go ahead."
"O-Ok...... Do you w-wanna maybe, uh go on a date w-with me?" I try so hard not to laugh at Delia's face.
"Date? No. I'm sorry, but no. Look Alec, I don't like you in that way." He frowns. Then nods and walk away.
     She turns around and so do we, Miles laughing his butt off and me shaking my head at Delia while Carrie is slient.
"T-That was gold!! Did you see your face!" Miles says laughing.
"Shut up."
 ~End Of School~
    It was the end of school and it was time to go! Finally. I walk to my locker but getting startled as James throws the door open from the Science throw his googles onto the floor.
"Asshole!!" James yells as he walks down the hall, everyone moving out the way. 
    James is your normal badass. Smokes, has sex with everyone and is just badass. He had a rough past, so everyone says. His mom use to beat him, his dad left him when he was nine, his older brother died from doing suicide to himself. Very hard times. But James was very handsome. Sexy if I can say. His jet black hair styled into spikes, his beautiful green eyes, his sexy jawline, and etc. He was hot. No wonder every girl is obsessed with him. But I'm not. Yup. Me, AJ Lawern is not obsessed with the schools James Collens.
"Lawern!" Carrie says as she walks up to my locker. Have I been standing her the whole time? 
"What's up?"
"Did you see that little thing with James and Mr. Ferman?" I nod.
"Yeah."
"Crazy right? Mr.Ferman is like one of the coolest teachers ever, plus he gives easy A's to anyone. Wonder what Collen's had done." 
"Same."
   I shut my locker getting ready to leave. I say my goodbyes to Carrie. As I get outside James is smoking right by my car. Fuck! His car is right next to mine. Fuck, fuck, fuck!! Was all I was saying in my mind.
 "Your AJ, right?" He asks as I get closer to my car. I nod.
"Yup."  I say and hurry into my car and drive off.****liking the cover?? Liking this chapter?? Like the names?? Hehe 
Picture of Jamie
Jamie: 16, blonde hair, gray-ish green eyes, sarcastic, funny, and easily aggravated
Brooklyn: 16, brown hair, blue eyes, Jamie's best friend
Jax: 24, 6' 2", oldest like two months, SWAT officer, overprotective of Jamie
James: 23, 6' 4", Paramedic, overprotective of Jamie
Jim: 24, 6' 5", firefighter, overprotective of Jamie
Jake: 22, 6' 3" Jamie's biological brother, SWAT officer, overprotective of Jamie
Jack: 23, 6' 1", firefighter, overprotective of Jamie
Josh: 20, 6' 2", firefighter, overprotective of Jamie
Justin: 21, 6', SWAT officer, overprotective of Jamie
Jay: 24, 6' 1", firefighter, overprotective of Jamie
John: 22, 6' 2", firefighter, overprotective of Jamie
Jason: 24, 6', Teacher, overprotective of Jamie
Wyatt: 17, 6' 1", loves Jamie, street fighter, member of a gang, hardass
Authors Note- Hello, I hope you like my new book 'Arsen'. Please leave a comment and vote if you liked it (: The picture above is of Amelia.
Thank you for reading!!
.......................

It was early, way too early, but I couldn't sleep. Today was the first day of my Senior year in High School and due to us moving because of my dads job, I was starting a new school. The word nervous, didn't suffice as to how I felt right now. My heart was beating so fast I was almost afraid of it waking up the rest of the house. 
I was so frazzled that when someone knocked on my door, I nearly leaped out of my skin. Chase, my twin brother, walked into my room. He was already cleaned up and fully dressed. He had the biggest grin on his face and an excited glint in his green eyes, that we shared.
"Who's ready for school?" He asked, plopping himself down in my desk chair.
"Just you!" I cheered, with mock enthusiasm.
Chase chuckled and rolled his eyes. "Oh baby sister, we're going to a brand new school where nobody knows us, embrace it."
"You are only three minutes older than me you turd." I shot back, glaring at him. "You can't tell me you're not even a little bit nervous?"
He shrugged. "New school, new girls." Chase got out of the chair and walked over to the doors which lead to a small balcony right off my bedroom.
I nearly killed Chase just to get to this bedroom. When we got to the new house we had found this room at the same time and decided to battle it out to see which of us got it. Ten minutes into the battle and Chase was laying on his back at the bottom of the staircase and I was running into my new room.
"Speaking of new girls." He said. "I'm probably going to be sneaking them in and out of the house using your balcony, you know, so mom and dad don't find out. So if you wake up in the middle of the night and there's a random girl in your room, don't freak out."
I raised my eyebrow in disbelief at him. "I'll be sure to put a welcome mat down for them."
"Oh cheer up Amelia. Here, I'll help you pick out an outfit that will get you attention from guys."
"I don't want attention from guys and when did you become in touch with your feminine side?"
Chase rolled his eyes. "I'm not in touch with my feminine side I just know what guy's like to see on girls. But fine, if you don't want my help in getting even a little bit of positive attention..." Chase started walking towards the door.
I sighed. "Fine, please help me."
He grinned, opened up my closet, and started digging through my clothes. "How did mom's table cloth get in- oh." Chase held up one of my old dresses from over a year ago, I was a bit bigger then.
I snatched the dress from his hands and started pushing him towards the door. "I take it back, I don't want your help!" once he was out the door I slammed it behind him and locked it.
Chase could still be heard snickering down the hall. Brothers were so annoying and I unfortunately had two more of them and two sisters. Chase and I were smack dab in the middle. We had an older brother and sister and a younger brother and sister. My mom wanted a big family and my dad wanted a little one. Mom won, as usual. 
I almost wished I were Jason and Meredith, who were three and two years older and already off in College. I was over High School, whoever said it would be the best four years of your life, lied. For me, High School was never fun and I was overweight for most of it. I'm not saying overweight people can't have fun in High School but overweight, under confident, and socially deprived people usually have a little bit of a harder time in the fun department. 
The summer holidays seemed to begin with to go too slowly, but as they drew to an end I felt like I had blinked them away.
It was morning, and I wasn't the best morning person.
A school morning, a monday school morning.
So it was quite plainly awful, Monday, school, morning and to add to it all I was running late.
My parents and brothers were out the house already.
My parents were both doctors and worked long hours and sometimes went out of state, this was one of those occasions so I was left under the care of my three older brothers.
Clayton was the oldest, 21, he was in collage but still lived in the house as it was nearby.
James and Peter were twins, but non-identical, they were both 19 turning 20  soon and both were soon going to join the army.
My brothers looked out for me the best they could but to be honest they never really needed to, I didn't get into trouble.
No drinking, smoking or partying.
I had been raised in a very religious household so it wasn't just that I was boring but I had been told my whole life to stay away from the temptations of being 'bad'.
At my school there was a huge thing about being 'bad'- it was an instant recognition of popularity.
I never understood how talking shit to teachers and spending half your life in detention got you anything more than a scolding from your parents.
But in my school all the girls seemed to crowd around the 'bad boys', it just wasn't for me though.
As the new semester started I knew all that was important was acing my classes and concentrating on my life.
And I wasn't planning on starting of the term by being late but it was already nine o'clock as I rushed out the door, car keys in one hand and a half eaten piece of cold toast in the other.
I fumbled with the keys as I climbed into my brothers old pick-up truck dropping them on the floor as I tried my best to push my book filled bag into the passenger seat.
I sighed to myself picking them up and pulling out the driveway slowly.
I tried my best not to speed but I wasn't planning on ruining my perfect attendance record just because I slept in on the first day of school.
Traffic was awful and I beeped my horn frustratedly as I sat in the un-moving rows of rush hour.
Annoyingly even though I drove as fast as I could I pulled into the school car park at half past nine.
School started at quarter past and although I was only fifteen minutes late in the schools eyes it was still late.
I headed to the reception office to pick up a late pass and fill in the late form.
The school corridors were empty of there usual gaggles of girls, bulks of jocks and groups of nerds.
It was just me.
Hundreds of lockers, red blue and green lined the walls.
I walked to my locker quickly, it was quite near the reception, and I picked up my books for the morning lessons.
I ran into the reception a few minutes later.
"Your late" said the receptionist.
Well no shit Sherlock, 
Heyy you guys!So for those that don't know me, my name is Tee, or Acting_is_my_life, call me what ya will :) this is actually my second attempt at a romance, so if you enjoy it, go check out The Boy Next Door, by moi. The first chapter of this will be uploaded on Friday or maybe tomorrow, depending on the reaction it gets, so if you really wanna read by tomorrow, then VOTE!! And comment first opinions, much love, Tee xxx
Title:
Falling for the other Twin.
Summary:
Where a new boy ignores pretty and popular Presley and turns to her asthmatic, A-grade twin, May. Can he unravel her secrets as to why Presley hates her? And can he make her fall for him too?
Told mainly in the POV of May.
Inspiration:
I don't even know, the idea just came to me when I was tying my hair up this morning... 
Series?:
I dunno yet, let's see how it goes.
Copyright:
AllRightsReserved@Acting_is_my_life2015
If you do like any ideas from my story, be sure to message me and I may let you use them :3
Author:
Acting_is_my_life
(Tee)
British
14 years
Remember, if you wanna read, then VOTE!!
Thank you all <3
Highest Ranking: #250 in Teen Fiction on Feb 3rd, 2016.
PLEASE NOTE (27/04/16) :THIS STORY WAS NEVER EDITED. THERE ARE A MILLION SPELLING MISTAKES AND GIGANTIC PLOT HOLES. PLEASE READ AT YOUR OWN RISK.Also, check out my new account girl_in_the_crowd to check out my latest books which HAVE been edited and are much better quality with ZERO plot holes ❤😊
Hey guys,welcome to my new book titled TUTORING THE ARROGANT PRINCE.
This book is fictional,any resemblance or relation between any one or anything.. Whether dead or alive is purely coincidental..
This book was written by me but I got inspirations from other books too but I did not,I repeat,did not steal or plagiarize any other person's hardwork.
I hope you like this book and I.hope its not a disappointment..... I might upload daily or in short intervals as I'm out of high school and waiting to resume college.
Have fun reading and thanks for your votes and comments.
Wait.
Uhm I....
I...urrm..
I love you....😘
SOTD: SHINE BY YEARS AND YEARS (MY NEW FAVE GROUP AKA YOURS TOO...OR ELSE)
~
Date: June 15, 2016
Where: St Julian's, Malta
Time: 10:00 AM (TWO HOURS UNTIL THE WEDDING)
I had to call the cops...and maybe animal control...that was if they took Chandler's brothers. 
I heard a loud crash and a yell, "I hate you!!"
Sean. 
That was definitely Sean's voice. 
Another loud crash made me jump and, in my fit of fear, I forgot the small space I was in and, of course, fell into a mop bucket. 
Yes, I was in the supply closet. 
No, I had no intentions of coming out anytime soon. 
You'd probably wonder why I was hanging out with the likes of a bottle of Sunlight and a couple mops but, if I told you everything, you'd get a headache. 
Because, beyond the door was pure chaos. 
Chaos on such a large scale that it frightened me to even think about it.
But, then again, I've never genuinely cared about anyone other than myself...so here you go. 
From the beginning....

~~~~
THIS IS THE ONLY CHAPTER I WILL BE UPLOADING SINGULARLY, FROM THIS POINT ONWARDS THIS STORY WILL BE UPLOADED IN ONE GO! SO ADD THIS TO YOUR LIBRARY SO THAT YOU'LL BE INFORMED ONCE THIS STORY IS FULLY WRITTEN, EDITED, AND UP TO ALL OF YOUR STANDARDS! 
CAN'T WAIT TO REVISIT THE STARS WITH YOU GEMS :) 
PS., SHOUTOUT TO Brinananaa FOR THE DOPE ASS COVER! SHE'S MADE EVERY OTHER COVER FOR THIS SERIES AND I'M SO HAPPY SHE MADE THIS ONE FOR THE FINAL BOOK, PLEASE GO AHEAD AND CHECK OUT HER PAGE AND SEND HER POSITIVE VIBES :)
"Don't fight it, Kitten." He said, leaning over me as my back hit the wall. His face leaned down as his lips hovered over mine, close to contact.
"Fight what?" I let out breathlessly. He gave me his cocky smirk and looked into my eyes with his blackened ones.
"Your feelings for me. The good girl always falls for the bad boy." He licked his lips and I swore he touched mine.
"Well not me, so you're chasing the wrong girl." I replied cockily, he pulled back, leaving me hot and bothered, and headed to the door before turning to me.
"Oh, but I love a chase, Kitten."
// // // //
Meet Lilian White, 18, British, pretty and hard-working and moving to North Carolina.
Now meet Zachary Waters, 19, American, drop dead gorgeous and the notorious bad boy.
When Lillian's parents go away for 3 months, Lillian's basic, straightforward life is taken over by romance, flirting, bad boys, alcohol and less clothing when Zachary comes along.
All because she's...
Mr. Bad Boy's Kitten.
At the age of 7 I found how easy it was to blend in to my surroundings. I never bothered with other people or wore anything that could possibly make me stand out in a crowed. I had so many siblings that sometimes my parents didn't even remember me. But this was okay because this was the way I wanted it to be. 
There are 8 children all together in the Howe family, my oldest brother Garson 24 , my second brother Raed 22 , My oldest sister Dera 21 , My third brother Tate 20, My second sister Jewel 20, Me Winter 17 (I know dumb name right?), My little brother Omar 16, and then last my little sister Pennie 9. That's a lot of kids right? My mom likes kids, my dad likes my mom that's why there are so many of us. 
My father is the CEO of Howe's Hotels. Which means people would call us rich. My siblings love this, they love the parties, they love the gifts, they love the fame. Garson is the one who is most in love with this and he can be because he will be taking over the business. 
Garson has been taught how to handle business ever since he was young, along with Raed who would become second in hand with Garson. They always had our father's attention the most, after mom that is. Dera, Jewl, and Pennie had his attention and affection they were the girls of course they did. Then Tate got his respect for joining the military and Omar was a star athlete in our school my dad was proud of him. I however never got noticed by my father I never knew if he even remembered my name, but it was kind of peaceful in a way I didn't have to strive for excellence. I guess I was content. 
However when my blending in somehow failed me at one of my father's parties I had found out that my father actually remembered me. But let's not get ahead of ourselves let's start with the day of the party.
I woke up by the sound of my alarm clock echoing in my room. My room was small and didn't have much in it just my bed, dresser, and a desk in the corner where my computer sat. The bitter yellow walls had some pictures Pennie had made for me hanging up and a poster Jewl gave me on my birthday of My Chemical Romance. 
I sat up rubbing my eyes walking into my bathroom my short brown hair was sticking up everywhere from not drying it before bed and my green eyes where blood shot from reading late last night. I splashed water on my face and picked up my tooth brush squeezing what was left of my tooth paste out of the tube and throwing it in the trash. After brushing my teeth I sprayed my hair with water and combed down the parts that where sticking up. 
I left the bathroom and pulled open my dresser drawer, I had tons of clothes but they were mostly bought by Dera or Tate not knowing what else to do for me. I grabbed a pair of light jeans and pulled them on over my boxer briefs then I dug in my dresser and found a long sleeve gray v-neck shirt and pulled it on. I looked at myself in the mirror and it wasn't a bad outfit not to flashy but not ugly either. 
There was a small knock at my door before in flew open and Pennie walked in her blond hair had been curled, probably by Jewl, and she was wearing a pink shirt with a white skirt. 
"Good you're up!" She smiled up at me with her big brown eyes then sat on my messy bed kicking her feet back and forth. "Can you drop me off at school? Jewl has a early class and can't take me." 
"Sure." I smiled sitting down to slip on my navy blue Converse. 
"Thank you!" She kissed me on the cheek then ran out of the room. 
My siblings where mostly the only people that ever paid any attention to me, well most of my siblings Garson and Raed never talk to me much and Omar was just an ass to everyone, But still road to school with me in my car. Pennie was the one who hung around me most. I had to watch her a lot when she was little so I guess she just started to cling to me. Tate was very fatherly towards me and would praise me when I did something good, I guess it was because I was his first little brother and he knew dad didn't pay much mind to me, And for some reason Dera and Jewl loved to fawn over me. 
Mason capetinha: gente, eu tenho uma coisa pra contar que eu estou guardando faz muito tempo 
Mason capetinha: eu curto rola
Tyler não o Posey: todo mundo já sabia disso Mason
Pólo Norte: pode se abrir Mason, a gente deixa 
Eu: sempre soube
Mason capetinha: mas que porra?
Mason capetinha: LAURA VOCÊ PEGOU MEU CELULAR? 
Eu: talvez eu tenha pegado, talvez não 
Mason capetinha: eu vou te matar
Tyler não o Posey: não se matem
Pólo Norte: por favor, não quero ter que ligar pra tia Violet de volta
Eu: meu Deus ele tá quase arrombando minha porta
Eu: socorro
Pólo Norte: querida, ninguém mandou você mandar mensagem pelo celular dele
Eu: nossa Alaska, obrigada pela ajuda
Tyler não o Posey: se a Laura morrer quem vai arranjar as tretas no squad?
Eu: eu to quase morrendo e você só se importa com as tretas? Ok Tyler, OK. 
Mason capetinha: Laura abre essa porta 
Eu: eu não, você vai me bater
Mason capetinha: eu desisto de você
***Olha eu aqui de novo! Terceira temporada de Messages com o Johnson! 
A fic vai ser de redes sociais com foco em Instagram. 
Espero que vocês gostem❤
I was standing in the middle of a crowded airport, and I had already found my target. His name was Aaron Samuels, and he was the son of Ivan Samuels, the infamous Brazilian drug dealer. Together the two ran a gang that was presently kidnapping famous children, wet didn't know why or who was next. It was my job to get some information out of him, which may or may not include kidnapping and interrogating him in a top secret UIA facility twenty miles south of here. 
Don't get me wrong, I'm not the best field agent the CIA has, I'm not even the second best. I just happen to be Aaron Samuels type. 
I know what you're thinking now. That I'm just on this mission because I'm young and impressionable. That they probably don't expect me to complete this mission with flying colors. If you were, you were totally correct. The agency doesn't really think I'll do such a good job. But that's where I'll prove them wrong.
Aaron was walking off of an airplane at gate A18, along with more than one hundred other passengers. With his hair dyed blond and blue eye contacts in, he was going to great lengths to try and not be recognized. He even sat in coach, and it must've been hard for him and his spoiled ass. Even with all his precautions, I was stillable to locate him.
I watched as he waited for his Starbucks Coffee in a gigantic line full of teenage girls. I couldn't believe how packed the airport shop was at ten at night. 
As he started to walk away, I made my move. I had timed it perfectly. I walked right in his path, but his face was too focused on his phone screen to notice. Then, wham!
"Oh my god, I am so sorry. ", he states. his face was full of shock and embarrassment, I could barley hold in my laughter. 
"You spilled your latte all over my designer dress! Do you know how much that cost me!" In case you were wondering, yes the annoying white girl voice in your head was me. 
"Well, maybe I can make it up to you?" Aaron said with a little smirk. Only if he knew what was coming for him.
"How could you do that?" I asked. God, even I was annoyed by my own voice. 
"I have a few things in mind, but first, let's get you cleaned up" He said, ever the gentleman. 
"Alright." I say, taking his arm after we head in the direction of his awaiting car. He had made sure his gate wasthe closest one to the exit, and his awaiting car was in the closest parking spot. ire was all another precaution that would get him no where. 
His chauffer held open the door for me and Aaron, I couldn't help but notice his engraved ring, even he was apart of their gang.
"Oh wow you must be rich, this limo is so cool." I sqeal in delight as he chuckles. it had a mini bar on the side opposite to the seats and I couldn't help but that the windows were tinted and bullet proof.
"Yes, I happen to be richer than your average Joe, care for a drink?" He asks me.
"Oh yes, that'd be wonderful." I exclaim. In case you were wondering whether I should be drinking on job, or if I was even old enough to drink, I had gained a high alcohol tolerance in the Academy. I was only seventeen, but Aaron didn't seem to care about my age. 
The ride was almost five minutes long, exactly. As soon as we got out of the car, someone came and took Aaron's bags. The hotel was nice, but not too nice. I noticed that he was trying to take many precautions on his trip to washington.
When we got there, his room was already ready. It was the top floor, corner room, close to the fire escape.
"So what's your name?" He asks, setting down his drink from the car. 
"Lilly", which was in fact not my real name, "What's yours?" Even though I knew his name, Lilly the white girl whore did not. 
"Aaron" He says while smiling. I could hear the faint accent in his voice as he talked. 
I saw his eyes roam all over. He was probably thinking of all the things he wanted to do to me, gross.
All of a sudden, he rushed forward and slamed me against the wall. I saw his eyes roam over me again, hungrier this time.
"What you waiting for?" I purr seductively. I could imagine my friend Jake laughing uncontrollably, listening through the bug in my earring.
He slammed his lips onto mine. The kiss wasn't loving or sweet, it was hungry and dangerous. He lifted my thigh, wrapping my legs around his waist. He walked back towards the bed, and we fell onto it, kicking off our shoes. 
He broke the kiss, but only so he could take off his shirt and my dress. I fumbled with his belt and his pants fell to the ground.
He walked over to his bags as I layed on the bed, acting breathless. He came up from his luggage with handcuffs, perfect.
"What are those for." I said, acting dumb. 
"You" He smirked, walking back towards the bed. 
Right before he put them on, I spoke up. "I think that they'd be much better on you." I flip him over and steal his cuffs. I loop them between one of the poles in the bed frame and cuff him in. 
I reach up to take off my earrings and threw them down with my dress. I looked down on him and smirked. 
I ran my hands down his perfectly toned abs, just to make him shudder. I bent down to give him another kiss, when the site busted open. I did what I was trained to do and rolled off the bed. 
Agents pored into the room, all pointing guns at Aaron. I was suddenly feeling very exposed. Aaron, surprised and in shock, raised his hands ad much as he couldin the handcuffs. 
"You little bitch!" He yelled at me as the agents surrounded and arrested him. 
"You need this?" My longtime friend, Jake, asks me, handing me a jacket and some sweatpants.
"Thanks" I say, pulling them on as quick as possible, Aaron wasn't the only perv here. 
"Nice show" Jake says, suppressing his laughter.
"Oh, shut up." I say, slapping his arm. "I got him alone and helpless, didn't I?"
"C'mon, we should go back to our rooms, it's going to be a long day tomorrow." Jake pulls me closer to him as we walk out the room. 
Mission complete.
Bailey's POV 
Rinnggg
Finally..its summer. I walk put of my last class of this year to my locker. I set all my books in it and grab my cross body bag. I slip it over my body just as Hunter walks over. See Hunter and I have been friends since dipers. Hes totally hot an all, we tried the dating thing. But it got awkward fast so we went back to being friends. 
"Ready for summer Boo?" Only family and close friends call me that. I nod my head and shut my locker.
"Yea, I can focus on gymnastics and Boxing" he shakes his head grinning as we walk away. 
"Leave it to you.." I smirk.
"Damn stright" he chuckles at me. Its like this every day. We start walking towards our cars when he stops and stops me to.
"Can I introduce you to some people tomorrow?" I can tell hes nervous because hes biting his check. He know I dont do well with mew people. I sigh.
"Fine, but if anyone try and get in my pants im not to be held responsible for my actions " I state seriously. The last guy that tried that lost the ability to have kids. Pore guy, all well he should have known better then to slap my ass. He full out laughs and heads to his car.
"Alright..anyways, I gotta go tell them the good news. See you tomorrow Boo bear" I smile at that nickname.
"Bye hunt" he smiles and hops into his corvet and drives off. I hop into my dodge camaro and head home. As I drive I notice that now I can start working on my car more. Also my gymnastics amd more importantly. ..boxing. yea Im not your typical girl. Id reather be sweaty then at a mall shopping. Thats what made Hunter and I click. I pull up to my two story house. Inside lies my father, and the twins. Both older and are sometimes protective but not over the top since I can handle myself. I park in my spot and head inside.
"Im home! " I hollar through out the house.
"Okay hun!" I hear my dad from the office. Hes a lawyer. The best at that, we didnt want to show off our money so we keeped this house. I through my bag on its hook by the door and head to the kitchen. I grab and apple and make my way to my bedroom. I open the door and walk to my closet. I pick out some black spandex booty shorts that ride up to you can see the bottom of my 'bubble butt' as Hunter calls it and a cami that shows some clevage. I hop in the shower and wash up. I change and head to my room. I plop down on my bed and shove my phone onto the charger. 
I guess I should introduce myself. Im Bailey Williams. Im half spanish so I get some features from there. I have long black cruly hair, and brown eyes. Im fit and you can see a faint six pack. I love it. My brothers look exactly like my father, while I get the looks of my mom. She died of lung cancer three years ago. I took it hardest the most. I stopped eating and mostly boxed till my knuckles bleed. Hunter was the one to help me outta that stage. If it wasent for him I would have ended up in the hospital. 
I miss her alot. She was my rock, but some how. That rock postion slide over to rest on Hunters shoulders. Ive never gone a day with out him talking, texting or even hanging out with each other. I slowly slip into the dream land hopping to sleep in tomorrow..
Boy was I wrong...
Ｍａｖｅｒｉｃｋ
Driving in the rain is scary. There are just so many things that could go wrong. But mix a crying -more like sobbing - girl into the mix and you have a death wish. 
The rain pounds on my windshields like bullets, each flying after each other, so hard that it sounds like paper bags crunching all around me. 
Normally I like the rain, but not when it is mixed with a beautiful girl crying. I don't even know her name, or who she is- but seeing those tears streaming down her rosy cheeks I couldn't say no. 
I haven't asked why she's crying. I know she's been drinking due to the fact that my car smells like a bar, so something incredibly bad must've happened to this girl. 
A few minutes later, after trying to ask her where she lives- and only only getting sobs in response- I decide to turn up the radio. Hotel Ceiling by Rixton comes blaring loudly through the speakers. I should probably turn it down, but she doesn't seem to be complaining. 
And we sit there, in the car with a depressing as shit song on the radio. It seems to calm her down, seeing as the tears have stopped streaming. Never underestimate the therapeutic power of driving and listening to very loud music. 
"Thank y-you" I hear her mumble as the song comes to an end. To say her voice is annoying- even after crying for twenty minutes- would be a lie. Even her stutter is adorable. I look over at her with an eyebrow raised and a signature smirk plastered upon my lips. 
"The pleasure is all mine, dearest." I look at her once more to see a blush creeping to her cheeks. She won't remember this in the morning but I will. I will remember her lovely as silk voice, and her blush, and her cry.. I'll remember it all. 
"Now where do you live?" I ask her, and I see her turn her gaze out the window with an 'O' shape to her lips. 
"I, well .. Um I-I don't k-know" she mumbles and looks down at her hands folded in her lap. 
"Well, we are on the freeway, headed west. We are on the way to my house but if that is not okay with you, I can gladly take you to a motel." I offer. Not that I actually would, hotels of any kind around here are not safe for a girl as pretty as her. 
"Um, not that's okay. I'll just go to your house. I don't really feel comfortable at hotels." She mumbles and bites her lips adorably. 
A small smile plays on my lips as I think of how she would feel more safe with a total stranger and going to his house, but not at a motel. The thought just humors me. But I am secretly glad she decided this, I know I just met her, but something about her just makes me feel warm inside. 
Not that I would ever admit this out loud. 
"Okay, that's fine. I just moved to California, so forgive me if I'm not too familiar with the roads" I say and she nods. 
"How old are you?" I ask her, trying to start up conversation. I really, really don't want her to go back to crying again. 
"Seventeen, as of five months ago." She states and scoots around in her seat. 
"I'm eighteen, as of two days ago..in case you were wondering. " I smirk although I know she can't see it due to the darkness. 
"I'm Adele, by the way. Adele Hepburn and I am terribly sorry for ruining your night with my show of water works" She turns to me and smiles. I see her hands twitch at her side as if she's debating on whether or not to shake my hand. 
". Im Maverick Gray, and I although I have many tattoos and may seem like a serial killer, I am most certainly not." I grin sheepishly and she tucks her hair behind her ear in an adorable manner. 
"But really it's not right of me to put all of this on you, I don't even know for goodness' sake!" She exclaims and throws her hands up in frustration. 
"You know I'm the kind of guy that when a girl is crying he looks her up and down and backs away slowly. Never to get involved again, but when I saw you I'll be honest. You looked a little hopeless and I thought you needed a friend. So no I don't mind at all. Cry me a river, Adele, it's all good" 
"Thanks." She mutters, and looks down to cover her blush. 
"You know, to repay me you could tell me why you were crying.. And drinking, you don't really look like the type of girl that attends college frat parties and get so drunk she can't even remember where she lives." 
"Well, yeah. First off I didn't know that was a frat party, my friend invited me and I went with him. He ended up ditching me and I felt so scared and alone." She mutters, her voice sad. 
In some deep dark part of me, I really want to punch her so called friend in the face. Even I know not to leave a friend or anyone by themselves in a frat party and I'm not even close to what you consider a gentleman. 
"This friend, was he more than a friend?"
"No, well yeah no. I mean I've had the biggest crush on him since we met in kindergarten, but he's also my best friend and the player of our school. So what do I expect?" She shakes her head with a small smile. I frown as I look at her, this guy did this to her. How messed up and rude. 
"What an ass." 
"Yeah, you could say that. I found him making out with some random college chick when here I am, in my Sunday's finest..." Ugh. Man I want to hit that dude, in the balls, with my truck. 
"Man, I'm sorry." ...I don't know what else to say, but I'm trying..
"It's both a blessing and a curse to feel everything so deeply." She sighs, and I swear I hear a crack in her voice. (E.H)
"Please don't start crying!" I say before I can stop myself. I hate it when girls cry, they just look so vulnerable and I don't know what to do when they cry. 
"I mean, uh do you like ice cream? There is a Wendy's coming up, I could grab up a few frostys?" I suggest and her eyes instantly light up. 
--
"So frostys at midnight? Is that our new thing?" I grin as we walk out of Wendy's and hop back in my car. 
"Ice cream is my therapy. The only thing that keeps me from going insane." She grins and takes the lid off her frosty. 
"Too going insane then?" I ask and raise my cup. 
"I can eat to that." She nods and we cheers. 
About twenty more minutes late we pull up into my driveway. The house my stepmom and dad built is huge. And coming from me is making it an understatement. It is right on the beach, with big open windows. My stepmom and dad have always been a fan of the contemporary houses. 
I look over at the beautiful girl, crashed out and snoring with chocolate ice cream all over her face. Her cheeks are flushed and her hand is behind her head acting as a pillow. 
I stash my keys in my back pocket and jog over to her side, careful to not wake her I pick her up bridal style. 
It's late and my parents have work in the morning so they are far asleep as I wrestle with the lock to get it open. 
Once I do I quickly run up the stairs to my bedroom. I should probably put her down in the guest bedroom, but it's far too close to my parents' room and I don't want to chance waking them up. 
So I set her down in my large Cal King bed and I head to my attached bathroom, where I splash water on my face and take my shirt off before I slide down next to her. 
She curls up to me, like she's having a nightmare and I'm her savior. 
She won't remember this when she wakes up in the morning, but I will. I will remember it all.
---There we have it folks! Please vote!!! Please comment!!! I'll love you forever!!! ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
What do you think of Maverick???
Photo: Maverick// played by// Cole Mohr 
Total bad boy... Like to the max yo!!
"Tan lejos y tan cerca, como enero y diciembre" 
Fecha de publicación: 30/9/16.
Disclaimer: Any reference to any person, place, or thing is purely for entertainment purposes.
A/N: I now leave you with the prologue/first chapter and four more chapters of Realize What I Just Realized.
P.S. This is all in Ashley's PoV, though I'm sure you would have figured that out quickly.
-Prologue-
I hate Spencer Carlin!
Okay, so hate may be a little harsh. I think it's a strong...dislike mixed with a hint of something that I'm not quite able to put my finger on.
She is beautiful, in every sense of the word and, really, it isn't fair.
Spencer has perfect blonde hair that never seems to have any hair out of place. Her eyes are a beautiful shade of blue, her face flawless.
Her clothes, though modest in comparison to most the girls at school, fit nicely on her small frame. And that, I think, makes me dislike her even more. Pretty, modest people have no place here. Not to mention that she is incredibly smart, almost in that in-your-face kind of way.
She's the type of girl who managed to get every good gene possible. I'll even go as far to say that she can sing and dance, though I've never seen any proof. Still, it wouldn't surprise me.
So why do I hate Spencer Carlin?
Some would say I'm jealous because of all the things I mentioned, but I'm not. I'm just very observant and a little annoyed that her gene pool is so stacked, when some people (who most definitely are not me) get the short end of the stick.
No, you know the real reason I can't stand Spencer Carlin?
It's because she makes it so I can't hate her, no matter how much I'd like to. And until much later, I wouldn't know why that was.
Chapter 1
Cheerleaders. The one thing I hate more than Spencer Carlin.
I don't see how they claim to bring pep to the school when all they bring me is unwarranted misery.
Ok, so maybe it's not completely unwarranted. Maybe every once in a while I might let one little smart ass comment slip, but they totally deserve it.
It almost makes me gag when I think about how I used to be one. You know, before I discovered my brain.
And I'll never understand how their inch long skirts qualify as dress code appropriate, though I'm sure that has to do with the majority vote from the male staff members.
So now here I sit, bored to death in whatever class I have at eight. I don't know the name of it, just which room it is. I think the Dean had a good laugh when he put me in a class with 80% of the cheerleaders, one Spencer Carlin included. Definitely a fun first day discovering that.
"Mrs. Baker," a sickly sweet voice interrupts the quiet classroom, "we have to leave early for the pep rally."
I can practically hear everyone roll their eyes. Madison Duarte is such a suck up bitch, we all know it. Hell, she even knows it, and couldn't care less.
"We being the cheerleaders," Madison explains unnecessarily, looking around the class as if she expects some one else to claim the same thing.
I roll my eyes again. "Aw, really?" I cry out, my sarcasm heavy, "why not the rest of us?"
"Ms. Dav-"
"Because some of us deserve special treatment," Madison spits back, all false cheerfulness gone.
Hailey
"Join a club, make a little friends, and absolutely no relationships," I say to myself as I put my dark clothes in the washer. Last school year was a total wreck. I still can't believe I'm alive on this day, August 24, 2015. I've been pranked, humiliated, embarrassed, fought, and teased countless times. It felt like heaven when my parents made the announcement that we were moving back in May. California was very nice, especially because I was close to Hollywood but I won't be missing that place, nope. We moved to Miami, Florida, because of my father's job and it's where my mom's having most of her treatment at. Don't you just love Miami?
I do.
I have a little brother that's the age of four and he's the one behind all my freedom. Since my dad's always working and my mom's always at the hospital, I have to watch him until one of them comes back which is in days. Why don't they just get a real babysitter?! I have a life you know. It may not be all peaches and cream but I still would like to enjoy it. 
"Hailey, I'm taking you mother to her therapist, do you mind watching Cameron for us while we're away?" Father asks like I have a choice.
"No problem," I sigh folding my white clothes that just came out the dryer. I'll have a lot of stuff to worry about tomorrow and laundry is not on the list.
"Thank you," he smiles gratefully before shutting the door. I turn to my left to find Henry standing in my doorway sucking on his thumb with his teddy suffocating in his free hand. 
How cute.
"Come on," I reach my hands out and he comes to me so I can pick him up. I comb through his curly hair and flip to Disney Jr on the TV. This is what I mean when I say he's the one behind my freedom. I could be shopping for school outfits right now but instead I'm stuck watching Mickey Mouse club House.
Wait a minute...
I do have a car. And he does have a car seat.
"Cameron," I sing while I grab our bags. He looks up at me with him thumb hanging out of his mouth. "We're going shopping."
"Uh oh," he babbles.
Kids.
Daemon
"Mom, I won't burn the house down, go Lilly and I will be perfectly fine," I smile shoving her out the house. 
"If you make my little princess cry I swear to god Dameon Jeminez Wenston, I will kill you myself," I roll my eyes at her threat. I'm perfectly capable of taking care of a two year old girl. Easy as spelling the word I.
"Lovely, now go before you miss your flight," I close the trunk and glance over at the now sold house to the right of ours. Thank the lord they finally cut that safari grass. 
"I love you. Now lemme get a kiss from my little chica," she wines. I roll my eyes and shut her door. I strongly believe she forgets she has two children.
"She's sleep."
"But I wanna kiss. Just to make sure she's alright," she pouts sticking her head out the window.
"Bye mom," I smile walking backwards up the stone steps leading to the front door.
"Bye," and with that she's finally driving down the street. I glance over one more time at the house. This time a girl about my age's struggling to buckle a little boy in a car seat. I smile in amusement when she pinches her finger.

- Eu odeio admitir isso, mas você estava certo. – a menina dos cabelos cor-de-rosa, também conhecida como a filha pirralha da minha chefe, disse enquanto jogava a sua mochila no chão e se empoleirava em cima de uma pilha de papéis que eu havia acabado de organizar.
- O que? – a encarei por cima dos meus óculos. Era normal que todos os dias por volta desse mesmo horário Valentina entrasse por aquela porta e passasse boa parte de sua tarde transitando pelo jornal. Tina, como eu já disse, era a filha da minha chefe, Helena. Ela tinha acabado de completar dezessete anos e, creio eu, estava passando por aquela fase em que as adolescentes se apaixonam, quebram a cara, saem escondidas dos pais e pintam os cabelos. Não necessariamente nessa ordem.
- Pedro. – ela me esclareceu. – Ele não estava a fim de mim. Na verdade, beijou a Laura na frente de toda a escola. E a Laura é uma nojenta. 
- Eu já te disse... – dei de ombros e parei para checar um e-mail. Era da minha mãe, ela queria que eu arranjasse um jeito de visitá-la no feriado de páscoa. – ...Não perca tempo com relacionamentos.
- Relacionamentos são uma bosta. – ela completou e eu espalmei as mãos, concordando.
- Justamente.
- Mas eu não estou me importando com isso. – ela disse, enquanto balançava para lá e para cá os seus pés, que estavam calçados num par de all star muito sujo. Coisa da idade também, essa mania de não lavar os tênis. – Me diga uma coisa, por que você não tem uma namorada?
- Volte duas frases e você saberá a resposta.
- Hum... Às vezes eu acho que você é muito esquisito, Guto. 
            Revirei os olhos e terminei de imprimir um contrato importante. Eu ainda precisava correr para chegar a tempo da primeira aula na faculdade. 
- Eu nunca te vi com nenhuma garota. – completou.
- É porque, obviamente, eu não costumo frequentar os mesmos lugares que você frequenta. – me defendi e ela riu, descendo aquela bunda magrela da mesa. 
            Para falar a verdade, eu não era mesmo um cara de muitas mulheres. Quer dizer, eu nunca tive muita sorte nessa área e a minha vida amorosa se resumia à relacionamentos frustrados. Tudo começou na adolescência, quando a garota por quem eu estava apaixonado me trocou pelo meu primo. O nome dela era Yasmine. Depois teve a Juliana e, sim, ela me trocou pelo meu primo também. Mas isso não fez de mim um mulherengo, muito pelo contrário. Eu não saí beijando dez por noite e transando com várias desconhecidas, tampouco quebrei corações para descontar as minhas desilusões amorosas. Aliás, as pessoas precisam parar com essa mania de romantizar os canalhas. 
            Mas eu tive alguns relacionamentos. O mais sério deles foi no início da faculdade de jornalismo, quando, para o desespero do meu pai, eu larguei o curso de direito no quarto período. O nome dela era Vanessa. Namoramos por algum tempo, mas ela desistiu do jornalismo e voltou para a sua cidade natal, no interior de Minas. Foi depois disso que eu comecei a estagiar no Jornal Em Foco, que era um desses jornais de notícias sensacionalistas. Um ano depois Helena acabou me contratando e aqui estou eu, até hoje. Só que a minha vontade mesmo é trabalhar com jornalismo comunitário e, ultimamente, eu tenho voltado todos os meus esforços para alcançar esse objetivo.
            Meu pai vive dizendo que isso é coisa de gente sem perspectiva de futuro, mas desde que ele e a mãe se mudaram para o Rio ficou mais fácil simplesmente ignorá-lo.  
- Uhhh! Essa realmente me ofendeu. – foi Valentina quem falou e em seguida tirou uma foto nossa, pegando-me desprevenido. 
- Ei, o que voc-
- Vou dizer para as minhas amigas que você é o meu namorado. Sabe, uma hora acabará caindo no ouvido do Pedro.
- Ah não. Por Deus, Valentina! Eu vou logo avisando que não vou fingir nada.
- Não precisa. – ela me deu uma piscadela antes de pegar a sua mochila no chão e me deixar sozinho na sala. Poucos segundos depois, no entanto, voltou a enfiar aquela sua cabeça rosa pela porta e disse: – Mas se alguma amiga minha aparecer por aqui e perguntar, por favor, confirme. 
            Eu cheguei atrasado na aula de jornalismo científico, como já era de se esperar. Entrei mudo e a Tássia nem me encarou. Já o Túlio, me deu um aceno. Eles eram namorados e os meus dois melhores amigos. Tínhamos um projeto juntos e eu já desconfiava do porquê de a Tássia estar me ignorando, mas só fui confirmar mesmo durante o intervalo.
- Que merda é essa de "ain, não vou poder comparecer no sábado"? – ela soltou, batendo a mão na mesa enquanto eu voltava para a sala de aula com o meu lanche. Tínhamos combinado de fazer uma matéria numa comunidade próxima, para o nosso site, mas eu teria que trabalhar.
- Helena me escalou, não tem ninguém para cobrir o evento de sábado.
- E você não poderia, sei lá, dizer que não?
- Conta como hora extra, Tatá. E eu preciso pagar as minhas contas. Fora o aluguel do apartamento. – expliquei e o Túlio se juntou a nós.
- Ela está brava com você, Guto.
- É, eu percebi.
- Não falem como se eu não estivesse aqui! – Tássia se queixou. – E, além do mais, você não iria ser promovido há uns meses?
- Eu vou, Tatá. É que a Daiane tem mais tempo de casa e-
- Nossa, Guto! – ela riu, sem paciência. Olhei para o Túlio e ele ria também, despreocupado. – Você às vezes me irrita. Dois anos e essa mulher só te enrola, não é possível que você não note. Ela só te paga esse salário de bosta porque sabe que você faz um trabalho sensacional e ainda fica mudo com a situação.
- Tá tudo bem. 
- Caramba! – elas espalmou as mãos. – Dá um murro nele, amor. Por favor, eu não aguento. 
            Puxei os fones de dentro do meu bolso querendo encerrar o assunto, mas Tássia continuava me encarando, insatisfeita.
- Você vai visitar os seus pais no feriado? – indagou e eu apenas concordei com a cabeça. – E vai dizer para o seu pai que está precisando de ajuda?
- Eu não estou precis-
- Tá, que seja. – ela me cortou, sem paciência. Tássia não entendia. Na cabeça cacheada dela, eu deveria chutar o balde lá no jornal e exigir que o meu pai me bancasse. Só que eu tinha vinte e dois anos nas costas, quase vinte e três. E eu precisava daquele emprego que mal pagava as minhas contas, mas que pelo menos ajudava, em tempos de crise.
- Desculpa por furar com vocês, no sábado. O que eu posso prometer é que vou virar a noite editando todo o material que vocês arranjarem. – eu disse, mas ela nem me olhou. Só o Túlio mesmo que assentiu, se divertindo com a situação. E eu nem o culpava. Um emprego meia boca, contas para pagar, um pai insatisfeito, uma adolescente de cabelos cor-de-rosa que passa os dias chorando as pitangas nos meus ouvidos e uma vida amorosa cagada... É, a minha vida estava mesmo uma piada.
***  
Hey guys!!!
This is my first book. Hope u guys like it.
 Before the prologue i would like to tell some important things.
1. This book contains short chapters. The last 6-10 chapters are long.
2. All negative comments would be deleted strictly. Its my story and its my choice how i pair up my charecters. (I dont mean to offend ANYONE.... I love u guys❤)
3. If you want to make a cover for my book and you have made a book for 'covers' specially, then you guys can personally message me.
4. If you want to translate my book to any other language please personally meassage me. I would love to know about it.
5. For all the grammer Nazis: this book is not edited! This point would be removed when it gets edited.
Happy reading♡♡♡
Lydia Hayes is a good girl. Her only goals are good grades. She has a loving family. She is her school's sweet heart and every teacher's pet. Everybody loves her. She has a best friend a.k.a Alessa Parker who is her total opposite. Her life is partying. She has a twin brother.
Blake Parker is the known bad boy of school. His life is partying, drinking and one night stands. Every girl wants him.
He has 2 bestfriends : River and Nathan. His only bestfriends. Blake has a dark past which turned him into a jerk.
Hey lovies!!
Hope u liked the prologue. If yes then comment and vote.
Even if u r francisco's fan vote and comment...
Luv u guys♡♡♡
~~~~~~~~~
THIS IS MY NEW STORY!!!!
Excuse the Mistakes
~~~~~~~~~
I sat by myself in my cell, staring at the ceiling and humming a random tune. The worn tennis ball thumped against the ceiling and then returned to my hand, and then it repeated the cycle. My cell mate and her gang were enjoying their yard time, but I preferred being by myself.
When my cell door was audibly unlocked and opened, I didn't even flinch. 
"Dawson."
Without moving, I replied, "Yes, sir."
"You have a visitor."
At that, my eyes widened, I sat straight up and stared at the guard in disbelief. In the month I'd been in juvie, I'd never had a visitor, but that wasn't surprising. I didn't have anyone who could visit me. "Ex-excuse me?" I stuttered, thinking I hadn't heard him right. 
The guard smiled a genuine smile and replied, "You have a visitor, Sawyer." He motioned for me to get up and come with him. But I hesitated.
"Today's not Saturday," I said, realizing that it wasn't visitation day. 
"The warden made a special exception," the guard replied, "C'mon." I got up slowly and followed the guard out of the room. As we walked towards the visitation room, I brushed my fingers through my hair and tried straightening my wrinkled orange jumpsuit. 
The guard led me into the visitation room, filled with tables that were usually occupied by fellow girls visiting with family. I'd never been in here before. 
The only person in the room other than the guard and I was an elderly woman sitting at one of the tables. As soon as she set eyes on me, the woman stood up and rushed over to me. Without a warning, she pulled me into her arms and squeezed me tightly. After a moment, the woman released me and took a step back, and I noticed her tearing up. 
"Please let the warden know that I'll be taking her home," she said to the guard. He nodded and disappeared before another guard appeared to take his place. 
I couldn't stop myself. "Who are you?" I asked the woman, and her face fell. 
"Oh dear," she said, "I thought this would be the case." The woman led me to the table and I hesitantly sat down across from her. "Sawyer," she said, "I'm your grandmother."
"My what?" I asked incredulously. I didn't have a grandmother since two years ago when my dad's mom died. Unless... "You're my mom's mother," I stated slowly. My mom had died when I was really little, and I'd never met any relatives from her side of the family. 
"Yes," the woman confirmed. "You look just like her, you know? You've got her eyes."
"Thanks," I hesitated before adding, "Grandma."
"My name's Aggie if you don't feel comfortable calling me Grandma," she said, and I shook my head. 
"Grandma Aggie," I said slowly, testing it out. "I like it." Grandma Aggie looked relieved, and I waited a moment before saying, "How did you know I was here?"
"Quite honestly, I didn't even know you existed," Grandma Aggie said seriously. "A couple days ago, a detective came to speak to me, telling me that your father had fled the country after a warrant for his arrest was put in effect. Effective immediately, I'm your legal guardian."
"So you're going to take me to your home?" I asked and Grandma Aggie nodded. I'd never expected for someone to come take me home. 
The reason I was in juvie was because I was a caught runaway, and after spending 24 hours in holding at the police station, I'd been sent here until my guardian could come and take me home. Unfortunately, my dad was a huge player in the drug industry and I knew he wouldn't risk coming to get me if it meant getting recognized. I'd expected to stay here for the next nine months until I turned eighteen. 
Okay, this book is probably going to be absolutely horrible, but whatever I guess 😂 and yes I know there's probably a million bad boy stories out there and they're cliché as fuck but whatever, I like them (yay basic bitch ftw) so enjoy & let me know whatcha think. 
xxx swarley ♡
"Bitch I'm black I ain't going to check out no damn noise like them white people in scary movies. Got me bent, you go."I pointed at my best friend Selena as she told me go check out a noise that we heard. 
"Well I'm bout to be black today then too nigga."she told me while putting the blunt up to her mouth. I can't even explain how fast I slapped her upside her head. Why do people who aren't black fail to realize they can't say nigga? Like I will literally fight you on sight try me. Selena is my best friend of six years and we were seniors in high school. She was Latino and white, long dark brown hair, and short 5'3 figure. 
"That was the last one and I'm trying to get high so now we got to go buy some more." Selena said as the blunt fell it in her water when I had hit her. I shrugged my shoulders grabbing my keys and my liquor. I was only seventeen, but the people and places I hang around don't care. 
As I was zooming down the dimly lit street with Caroline  blasting through the speakers with Selena's horrible singing. It was dangerous buying weed at this time of night, but I knew Selena would let up if I didn't let her get high. 
Police sirens had sounded from behind me and I cursed silently. I was use to this by now I'm pretty sure all of the local police had known me by now. 
Selena took out her phone messily and put it up to me as if she was recording. 
"What the hell are you doing?" I asked mean mugging her. Right now wasn't the time to be snap chatting when we can end up in jail again. Selena was that type of friend who would snap chat literally everything. My ass could be drowning and she would try to make it a meme. 
"Girl just incase they make my best friend another hashtag bitch I got the evidence right here- they might want to shoot you too." Selena mumbled as she looked dead serious. I rolled my eyes at her even though what she said was utterly true.  All these things that were going on with cops shooting all these black males made me want to go mortal combat on all them hoes. Like it lowkey made me not like white people especially the ones screaming 'All Lives matter' bitch I know. All lives ain't the ones getting shot and killed for no damn reason though. 
"License and registration," the white policemen dryly demanded. Damn this nigga really not gone even explain to me what I did? I wasn't going to argue with him though because like Selena said yo girl ain't trying to become a hashtag. The policemen looked like your stereotypical with a rounded belly from eating to many donuts. 
Just as I was about to get I them Selena grabbed my hands making me stop. 
"Nah nah he trynna to play you nope you think it's that easy gone say you was getting out a gun soon as you do it and next thing you know, I'm all over tv crying n' shit as a witness." Selena declared. This is why I loved her she did not give a fuck. 
"No don't do it!" Selena whined flying back in her seat as I grabbed my license. I rolled my eyes at her extra ass. The police scanned over my license before flashing his bright flashlight at us. I was already half blind. 
"Aye boy." Selena said sternly covering her face from the bright light. I wanted to knock the fuck out of her real bold ass, she talking to this police officer like he ain't a police- like hello black girl right here. I realize that all police officers weren't necessarily bad people, but like it was always going to be fuck 12. Once the police officer pointed his flashlight towards my cup holding that was holding our liquor. 
Shit. 
The police scanned over my id one more time before looking back at us. I looked at the Selena because we already knew the drill. 
*********************************
"Ivy Jones." The police officer came and unlocked my cell after literally almost a day of waiting on my parents. I knew thy would be beyond pissed at me. I knew they wondered why I did it, but it's not like I would actually talk to them.  They were good parents to my little brother and I, so I know they were wondering where they went wrong with me. 
I walked out of the unsanitary temporary cell glaring at the police officer as he sent me a smug smile. Selena's mom came and picked her up right away, but mine? They wanted me to stay in here for awhile to 'think about the person I'm becoming and see if I like it'. Long story short I was focusing on not touching anything in here because I absolutely hated germs, not thinking about the path in headed. It's not like I'm doing heroine or meth- I just did a couple things that were illegal for my age and may be illegal period so what? 
My mother had a angry look on set on her face while my fathers was stern. My mom was 5'8 and my dad was 6'4, that's why I was considered tall for a girl standing at 5'6. Her loose curls, which I got from her, were in a tight bun at the top of her head. The only difference between my mom and me is her light skin and small nose. I had my dads brown skin and nose. They crossed their arms in sync and I just gave them the stank look as I walked straight passed them. They was doing the fucking most as usual. 
Soon as I got in the car it began. 
"You going to kill yourself before your life even begins ignorant lil girl," my mom scolded me. 
"Okay." I mumbled. 
"Don't okay me when I'm talking to you!" My mama scolded. 
All I said was okay what the fuck. 
Black parents always got to do the fucking most. You can say okay one hundred times they would still be talking about it like be quiet you wasting your breathe I do not care. 
"Are you listening to us Ivy?" 
"No." I said before even thinking about it. 
"That's it you're going to motherfucking Alternative school for real this time. We were giving you one more chance, but I packed your bags anyways because I knew not to expect much from some. Your leaving tomorrow morning." My dad and mom both agreed to send me off. 
What the fuck? After one little misunderstanding with the police they had to make me move away from my friends and things I hold dear. Geez. I didn't even think black kids got sent to these schools by their parents I thought it was usually the schools doing- then again I never bothered to show up there either. 
HAZEL
I had never been to Texas before. From what people said, it should have been all farmland and cows, and for a few long hours, it was. But then just as Megan, my social worker and chauffer, finally stopped trying to make small talk, the pastures turned into hills, the hills became more highway than grass, and the city unfolded before my eyes.
San Antonio, home of the Alamo (or its ruins, at least) and Six Flags Fiesta Texas. It was going to be my home now too. Until my father found me.
As if by instinct, my hand flew up the purple and black bruise decorating my cheek. Whenever I thought about him, I felt small and weak and alone. I cowered in the front seat.
Megan glanced away from the road, looking at me sideways. I almost dropped my hand. Everyone had already seen the bruise. It was why they had taken me away, why my father was in jail, why they were putting me in foster care. I was a child of the State now. 
 It was a funny feeling. Being taken away from everything you had ever known. No matter how bad my life was, it was still my life. I wanted to be the one to change that, not a bunch of complete strangers who asked too many question and felt the need to over-complicate everything. 
"Don't you worry, darling," Meg said, patting my knee in a calming, motherly way. "He can't hurt you anymore. This new family, they're good people. They won't hurt you either. You're safe now."
She put both hands back on the steering wheel and sighed contentedly at the road, though we were in bumper-to-bumper traffic. Still, it was better than Corpus beaches during spring break. Madhouse.
My limbs slowly relaxed. I knew that Megan was just trying to make me feel safe and welcome, but physical contact still made me uncomfortable. Extremely so. There had never been one time that I had been hugged by someone without an ulterior motive. A pinch, whispered profanity, hands going where they had no right to be. Really, could anyone blame me for my trust issues? I had every right to be cautious.
I hoped that this new family wasn't affectionate. I hoped they wouldn't hug me or love me or make me love them.
Because when my father came for me-and he would come-it would be so much easier to let go if I didn't love anyone in this new home. It wouldn't be for very long." 
Hey guys! I used to be Icedmocha34, but I deleted my old account, so you might recognize this story. Hopefully Brave Face will be better now. I've been working my butt off on editing it and I changed the POV as well. Brave Face is being split up into two books, but they're under the same title. I'm still really big on feedback!! I love to know what you think, even if it's not good news. I want honest criticism, but please keep in mind that I'm only sixteen, okay? Next chapter coming up soon-ish!!! <3
 *Not Edited*
 It's not that good in the begining but it gets better just bear with me..
Nora Walters has always been in love with her best friend's brother, Asher. Asher is a bad boy player, who is constantly going through girls like they're nothing, she knows it would never work but she can't help it besides why would he like a girl that's a nobody and is two years younger then him anyway. Asher's in a band and writes all his own music, when he sings Nora feels like he's singing to her, who doesn't feel that way but what happens if she's right? After he saves her from a wild night at a party, things take an interesting turn...
Let me know if you like it so I can continue!:P

_________________________

I've worked so hard and put hours and hours of work for each and every one of my stories. If you like my work, great, I appreciate it but you don't have to copy MY hard work. 
You are all creative and talented, just use your own ideas  please because all the ideas that I've posted are taken by me. (I understand that somethings I can't claim are mine, but if it's word for word, even a paragraph, unless I'm given the credit..) 
I understand that most of you, if not all, are totally not to blame here and I'm so happy that you guys are so supportive! If you do happen to see someone copying anyone's work, you should let them know!

I don't own any of the videos or pictures in this story. But the rest is all mine..! 
Remember, plagiarism is Fraud! 
This is not a romance where the nerd falls in love with the bad boy. This is about my stepbrother Jason and me. No, we do not hate each other. No, I'm not even a freaking nerd, geek, or loser. But yes, he is the ever-so-popular "bad boy." That's where the similarities end. So what's the big deal? I guess you'll have to read and find out...* * * * *Emmalyn POVI remember the day I first met my stepbrother. I was almost five years old. I could still recollect that night clearly. My mom looked really pretty in a long, black silk dress. She looked like a beautiful queen. She was excited, a significant difference from the year before. Not only that, I remembered my mom curling my hair and changing me into a dandelion yellow dress. I felt like a princess. "Sweetie! You'll finally get to meet them! They are so excited to see you!" She squealed."Who, mommy? Who are you talking about?" I asked as she finished with my curls."Two very special boys who I hope will stay with us for a long time," she winked."Boys?" I scrunched up my nose in disgust. "Why would you want a boy to stay with us, especially two?"She laughed. "Well, when you get older, you will definitely change your mind about boys.""No, I won't!" I frowned.Ding-dong!"That must be them!" Mom raced down the stairs.I followed behind her. "How do I look? Is my hair too messy? What if I overdressed? David did say to dress nice. Still, maybe I should change-" My mom acted flustered."Mommy, aren't they waiting outside?" I wondered."Oh yeah!" She exclaimed, opening the door swiftly."Hello Siobhan. You look gorgeous as always," The tall man in front of mom said. "Here , these are for you." I saw him hand a bouquet of red roses to her. He crouched down to me. "And is this who I think she is?"I stared at him. "You're really pretty." I blurted out. I automatically blushed and hid behind my mom. He really was pretty though! His eyes sparkled like the ocean, and he looked like he had really soft chocolate-colored hair. I wanted to touch it. "Why thank you." He chuckled. "You're really pretty too!" I blushed even more. I looked away from him. That's when I noticed the second boy mommy was talking about. He looked a bit older than me. I realized he looked like a mini version of the man, but the boy had blond hair instead. He was looking at me with wide eyes.He is also really pretty, like an angel, I thought. I didn't know why, but I started smiling at him. I liked him already. I think I said my thought aloud because he started laughing really hard.I looked at him. His smile and laugh was pretty too. He reminded me of a sun, the way he seemed to glow as he laughed."Why are you laughing?" I was confused. He stopped abruptly. His cheeks turned slightly pink."I'm Jason." He reached out a hand."I'm Emmalyn." Instead of shaking his hand, I wrapped my arms around him and hugged him tightly.And so began my life with my stepbrother Jason...
She looks away and there is a strange flash emotion through her light eyes. I frown. Uncertainty? Fear? Hesitation? Gabby looks down at her feet, gray eyes finally meeting my blue ones.
"Him." 
I turn to follow where she points and, in an instant, my blood runs cold. I feel like I've been punched in the gut or a part of the display case has impaled me. For the second time today, time stands still.
There, standing at the other side of the cafeteria with the same irritating smirk on his face is someone I hoped I'd never see again. The one who made my life a living nightmare for three years. He was supposed to be out of my life for good. That was the deal.  The world might as well be ending because it sure feels like it.
Gabby squeezes my arm as I stare, speechless. "He's back..." 
Houston, we have a problem.
And his name is Hayden Cross.
* * *
1. I see two RBBRs. What's the difference between the 2012 and 2016 version? 
THIS IS THE NEW, EDITED VERSION OF RUN BAD BOY RUN. 
The characters and plot are developed more, I've done my best to go back and fix the spelling and grammar errors, and new scenes/characters/plot points have been added to change it up and overall enhance the reading experience. I write the first one when I was fifteen, so a lot has changed in my writing style, views, etc., so I want to show that in this. Everything still stays true to the first version, but as a regular person grows, so does a story. Think of it as a sandwich: we have more toppings on the sandwich, the bread is better quality, it's fresh deli meat instead of refrigerated bologna (not that there's anything wrong with that!), and you get fruit snacks to go with it! 
2. Will we FINALLY learn what happened in Chapter 40 of the original version? 
Yes, sweet readers, you will. The original Chapter 40 went to crap when a glitch in Wattpad turned it into a alphabet soup and I didn't save it on my computer. You'll get an explanation. I promise. 
3. The first version was rated Mature. Will this have mature content (aka, WILL THERE BE SMUT)? 
Yes and no. The first version was rated mature due to certain mature themes such as excessive violence and language. Not necessarily smut. BUT, I'm not saying things won't get hot and heavy. ;) 
4. Can I translate this? 
No. It's nothing personal, I swear. I just don't want my works translated at the moment. 
5. I saw that you used one of my photos, gifs, art as media in this story. I don't feel comfortable with you using it, how should I contact you about taking it down? 
Send me a message on Wattpad or DM me on Twitter! Don't hesitate to do so.
I hope you enjoy! 
All content unless otherwise sourced and/or stated (i.e. book/movie quotes, song lyrics, etc..)  in this story belong to me and may not be used/distributed/copied unless granted specific permission. Please do not take characters/names/plot ideas/scenes from this story. Thank you for understanding. 
I'm Caitlin. I'm fourteen. So for god sakes please do not copy my story or I will hunt you down. This is my first story in watt pad so please tell me if you like it, to the five people that will probably read this. There may be a few spelling errors, I know but I'm going to try my hardest to make it as good as possible. So don't copy it. That's called plagiarism. There's a cell in jail with your name on it if you do. So please enjoy!!
Bambi intro
My life was at a pretty good standstill until a guy with a gorgeous face yet deceiving ways was the cause of my life doing a complete 180. Those green eyes pulled me in and there was absolutely no chance of turning back.
My name is Bambi Thalia Jacobs. I was 15 years old when my story of life actually got started. I used to be a good girl until everything took a drastic turn.
It's just one crazy, super long story. But it's My Story!
© Copyright infringement of law. All rights reserved. All names, themes, and ideas created within this story belong to me, and will be rewarded a fine.  This story contains graphic language and  sexual situations. Therefore it is Rated R .
I'm still an artist, and I'm sensitive about my s***- Erykah Badu.
****
-- updating slowly --
(Note: This is actually the longer version of my summary. I couldn't really choose between the both, the longer one or the shorter one, so I decided to put both of them. The shorter one for the official story description and this longer one to elaborate the summary before starting off the story. I do apologize for the inconsistency. So yeah. Enjoy.)
Adorabelle Morra was a mess. Not just the metaphorical "I hate myself, where the hell did my self-esteem go" mess but also the "my parents won't stop yelling at each other to the point they're throwing things across the room" kind of mess. As if her life wasn't as horrible as it already was, an unexpected boy comes in to join the chaotic equation.
With a father whose job description is to travel nonstop and a mother whose career was at its peak, Stephen Ludwig Goldburgen was left alone to live in Germany with his evil wretched grandfather, Jonathan, who not only destroyed Stephen's present life but also planned to control the future ahead of him.
When he was offered a scholarship at a small town that was oceans apart from his grandfather, he gladly took the opportunity to leave the inferno infested hellhole. Soon enough, he was enjoying much of his freedom that he suddenly forgot the deal he had between him and Jonathan. Now, Stephen had to pretend he had undoubtedly fallen in love with a girl, hoping that reason might be convincing enough for Jonathan to make him stay.
Before proceeding to the story...
Before you read my story please be informed that this story is part of the series called 'The BLISH Tales' This is part of the series together with Harkins Academy, Being Nasty, I Don't Like Old Guys and Sex Slave.
The stories in the series don't depend on each other so you can read it in any possible order that you like. The stories are all connected though you would still understand the plot without reading the others.
Though I would suggest for you to read the other stories for entertainment. 
This is one of my first stories (second story to be exact) and I've improved as time went by. The first few chapters will escalate quickly especially the first chapter of this one. The improvement of my writing will show in the later chapters. 
I want to be the first one to say this and I just want to repeat, the first few chapters will escalate quickly but the story would be in normal phase in the later chapters. I've improved my writing skills and as I said, this is my first story. I was just starting to write and to learn. Please do bear the first few chapters.
I recommend reading Harkins Academy if you want to start the story with the normal phase.
 
Chapter 1 – Living with Guys
 
[Aubrey’s POV]
Imagine your life without your parents watching over you and getting kicked out of your own house. My parents just died two years ago because of a car accident and then my aunt was the one who took over of my life. My aunt just made my life a living hell.
She even kicked me out of my own house for Heavens’ sake. My aunt, well, she hates me ever since the day I was born and I don’t even know why she hates me like hell. She gave me some money good for two months and then kicked me out. I’m on my own now. I’m on my own to find a new place to stay and find a job to sustain my needs.
I haven’t introduced myself, huh? I’m Aubrey Tanner, 17 years old and a high school senior.
That’s when I stopped in front of a house which had a sign saying “Room for Sale” posted on the front door. I guess I better find a place to stay tonight or else, I’m going to be dead meat. I knocked twice and then a guy in his mid20’s stood right in front of me. I guess he’s twenty-four? He’s also handsome as hell but he’s old. He’s not good enough for me, I guess.
“Umm…..” I said looking for words. “As you can see, I’m looking for a place to stay. Is there still a room for me?”
He looked at me from head to toe and spoke up, “Actually there is, I’ll make an exception,”
“…Exception?”
“This house is exclusively for guys only but I’ll make an exception for you or you want to back out?” Wait, I want to ask myself, is living with a bunch of guys safe? But I have no choice, right? I’m sure as hell that I don’t want to sleep in the streets.
“Sure, I’ll take it,” then he opened the door and signaled me to go inside. The house is exquisite if you would ask. Yeah, you’re right, it’s wonderful. It’s really a huge place with white ceilings and attractive chandeliers.
A huge set of home theatre located in the living room. A huge dining table which I think could fit ten people in, kitchen with complete utensils and stairs that are made flawlessly. This is supposed to be a big house but for rent, so, it’s supposed to be a dormitory house then?
Well, no time for questions.
“How much is a single room?” I asked again and he gave me an amount which I think I can handle because the price is pretty low. Not to mention that the food and bills are already included. Well, this is life, I think. I then gave him the down payment and he took it.
“Where are my roommates?” I blurted out, wondering what they look like. Chad, the housekeeper, who introduced his self to me earlier, went to the kitchen and pressed an intercom. I think he’s calling the guys or something like that.
“They’re coming down, just wait,” he said and I took a nod.
After a minute, a bunch of guys went downstairs and I was shocked to see some familiar faces. I bet we all go to the same school. These 4 guys are seniors like me and I’m sure of it even though I don’t know what their names are.
“What is Aubrey Tanner doing here?” the dirty blonde said. I’m drooling right now, I think, this is the first time I saw these guys closely and they are…hot.
“Y-You know me?”
“Yeah, you’re popular,” the dirty blonde answered. He got hazelnut eyes, muscular body. He’s five-foot-eleven and perfect. I mean all the four guys are perfect. “And, wait, you don’t know us?”
“Not really, was I supposed to?”
Then the guy with the dark brown hair and dark brown eyes spoke up. One look and you’ll know what he is, a playboy, I mean, a HOT Playboy. “Yeah, we’re pretty much popular around the campus,” he winked at me and I just gave him a look saying I’m not interested whilst he smiled which gave me the goose bumps.
“This is boring,” said the other blonde guy whom I assumed is the most handsome out of all the guys. He’s blonde with baby blue eyes and he’s 6 foot 2. He started to go upstairs again. He’s not merely approachable as far as I can tell.
“I’ll go back and do my business too,” said the other brunette with long eyelashes and brown eyes. He went upstairs just like the blonde guy.
“Don’t mind them,” said the dirty blonde. “By the way, I’m Ashton but you can call me Ash anyway,” he extended an arm which I took.
“I’m Philip,” then the playboy extended his arm towards mine and I took it like I did with Ash. “The blonde guy who went upstairs is Gabriel and the other brunette is Julian,” so two blondes and two brunettes? This might be fun.
“We love talking to you but we actually need to do our homework in Spanish, but you can visit my room anytime,” said Ash. I said thanks and they went upstairs. I saw Chad who was sitting on the sofa smiling at me so I smiled too.
Well, maybe living with a bunch of unknown guys isn’t that bad at all.
“I forgot,” said Chad and then hurriedly went to the center table to get something. A package, maybe?
“You know who Julian is right?” he asked then I took a nod. “Can you please give it to him? His name is posted outside the room so you’ll know where he is, okay?” he then handed me the package. I guess I couldn’t say no.
“And yeah, your room has no name on it,” he said then I went to take my bags which is not that heavy so I guess I could handle it. I went upstairs as he instructed and stopped in front of my room first then went inside it. The room has its own television and air conditioner. Furthermore, it has its own bathroom.
Maybe I’ll love this place.
I went outside my room and went to find Julian’s room. When I found it, I knocked twice and then saw him open the door, topless. I blinked a few times, trying to process the view right in front of me now.I’m seeing some abs, I assure you. I tried to look away, but unluckily, I failed.
“Chad wants me to give this to you,” I gave him the package and he held it with just a single hand. I guess I’m free to go now, right? He left the package on top of his drawer and went in front of me again.
He looked at me then suddenly I didn’t know what happened. He instantly grabbed me by the hand, threw me to his bed and then he pinned me to it with him on top of me.
That’s the time when he suddenly started licking my neck.

SUBJECT TO CHANGE
On January 31th, 2017 I will be temporarily un-publishing this book to edit and add to the chapters. I was reading it over and I felt so disappointed in myself. There are a lot of spelling mistakes, grammar errors and most importantly there are holes in the plot. 
I'm not sure how long it will take to completely edit the whole book, or if I will even publish it again. This was my first story so I give myself a little credit, but I'm still ashamed of my writing in this book. I would like for new readers to read a good book instead of something I rushed to get complete. 
So if you're in the middle of the book I advise you to hurry it up, and if you just opened this book for the first time you shouldn't start reading it unless you think you can finish it by the 30th. 
I'm so sorry for the inconvenience, hopefully I can be done editing and stuff by March 1st or sooner. Thanks for all your support throughout this book and I hope you understand my decision.
Chapter 1
Have you ever loved someone too much for your own good?
That’s what almost everyone thinks about my love for my teddy bear. He is the cutest thing you’ll ever see.
His name is Teddy, real original I know, but I was five when I named him so what do you expect? He is not too big and not too small. I guess you can say he is medium size. He is all white and has innocent black eyes. Teddy is the best hugger you can ever meet. And he’s so fluffy! He’s always calm and listens to everything I tell him. He never tells anyone my secrets and he’s always next to me when I need him. It has always been like that.
“Adrianna let’s go!” I grimaced when I heard mom’s voice. She’s the only one who calls me Adrianna. Everyone calls me Ade. Adrianna’s just too girly.
We were going to meet our new neighbors. They just moved in. The window of my room and one of their rooms are practically glued together. But I didn’t know to whom the room belonged. I was going to find out now.
“Coming!” I screamed back. I put on a pair of light blue converse and checked myself in the mirror. My white shorts were not too short and didn’t make me look like a slut. My shirt was tight but not too tight. It was the same blue color of my converse. My smooth brown hair fell to my mid-back. Many people are jealous of my hair but I don’t find it very special. My eyes are naturally brown; the same color of my hair. I didn’t have any make-up on. I never do. Even though I’m seventeen years old, I still don’t like wearing make-up.  I am not against it or anything I’m just too lazy to put it on. Besides there’s nothing wrong with natural beauty, right? I’m not that beautiful, I’m a normal seventeen year old.
I kissed Teddy before laying him gently on my bed, “I’ll be back soon” I told him.
I trotted down the stairs and found my parents and brother waiting for me patiently by the door.
“Were you busy cleaning after Teddy?” Brian, my older brother, smirked.
“Ha-ha very funny.” I stuck my tongue out at him “At least he’s better than you.”
I know I’m childish. I like it that way. I still got a while before I should act mature so might as well enjoy it, right?
Life for people our age is just too simple and fun. Why not live it to the fullest? I, personally, don’t let anything get in my way.
“You can’t compare this beauty to Teddy!” Brian gaped at me, gesturing towards himself.
Brian had dirty blond hair that fell right above his colorful eyes. I swear his eyes change color! Sometimes they are green and at other times they are blue. He is tall, almost twice my size, since I’m a little too short. But I’m not complaining; I’m fine with it. He is well built and he is what you call a ‘hot’ guy; at least that what my best friend Ashley says.
So basically Brian got the good looks. I have brown eyes and brown hair. Plain and boring.
But I would never admit that to him or else I’ll boost up his ego, and I don’t think that’s humanly possible.
I snorted and he glared at me.
Whatever.
I honestly don’t care about what my brother thinks. He’s three years older than me. You’d think he’s all protective but actually he’s not. Just last week he told me, “Spend the night with someone Ade, it will help with your uptight behavior.” He also waggled his eyebrows while saying it. Ugh.
**WARNING** If you haven't read "I Sold Myself to the Devil for Vinyls... Pitiful I Know" this story might be confusing because it is in fact the main male character's POV. I suggest you read it first. But if you don't want to, accept the fact that you might not understand everything right away.
Also, this story is NOT a priority. As far as I'm concerned, you guys already know how this end. So don't expect weekly uploads because it's not going to happen. 8D
__________________________________________________________
THE SMIRKING JERK
Chapter One
I’m in a car. A black car with leathered seat. It has the new car smell. It’s almost intoxicating how strong the smell is. There’s a man driving in front. I can’t see his face. It’s weird. I have a book in my hands. I don’t see the words but I know it’s a book about a kid who is an unworthy son.
            “Bloody hell scamp! Put the book down! You’ll get sick! You know you can’t read when we’re in a car!” Jayden says beside me, looking annoyed.
            Wait, isn’t Jayden… no no, that was just some weird dream right?
            “Sorry…” I trail and close the book.
            I don’t like the book anyway.
            “Scamp! You don’t need to listen to everything I say you know,” Jayden says and smiles, giving me a small shove of the shoulder.
            I smile at him. I’m glad I’m with him. Just me and my brother! No parents, no Kendall. Just my big brother.
            The driver has stopped at a red light, the car stalled behind the white line on the road.
            “I know, but usually, it’s better if I do!” I chuckle a little.
            Jayden laughs. “You make me sound like a bad brother”
            I laugh too. “Trust me Jay you ar–” 
            I can’t finish my sentence as I feel an impact that seems to shake my body to the very bones. It’s like a punch in the face but on my entire body. And all my muscle contracts as I feel metal being torn around me and glasses exploding the car moving away from its spot, metal colliding with metal.
            I want to scream but I can’t. I can’t even hear anything. It’s like I have wool in my ears.
            And then everything stops moving and it’s like the time has stalled.
            But not for long because everything crashed back to now.
            “BLAKE,” I hear Jay yell.
            And then I know. I know he can’t come back for me. I know how this ends. I don’t know how I know it, but I know it. 
            He can’t take me out. He has to leave!
            I can smell gasoline around me, and blood and dirt and burned material.
(Author's note written: 8/21/15) 
PLEASE READ:
Right, so I'm going to be honest and say that this story is so poorly written, if you actually decide to go on ahead and read this then you have all my respect and awe. I strongly advise you not to read this.This story was posted the same week as my actual first story, which was deleted a long time ago. I've written and learned a lot since then. So don't be mean. I know it's pretty cliché and the writing is definitely not up to date with how I write now. If you want a true representation of my writing, go read one of my other works. Not this one. Trust me lol. I keep this up for nostalgic purposes, plus it shows me how much I've grown as a writer. I might come back and hardcore edit the hell out of this thing someday, but that day may never happen. So if you still decide to continue on after this, read under your own discretion. 
* * *
*4 Years Ago*
"Macey!" I hear my mom call from downstairs. "The Chapmens are leaving, come say goodbye!"
Yeah sure. I'll come say goodbye to the soon-to-be famous actor/heartthrob.
It's bitter-sweet for me. Bitter because I have to lose my best friend, Adrian. Sweet because his dreams of becoming an actor is coming true and I'm happy for him.
"Coming!" I call back. I shut my laptop and head downstairs. The adults' laughter echoes throughout the whole house.
"Oh, Connie! I'm going to miss you so much!" I heard my mom say with a strained voice.
"Don't worry, Liz! We'll visit when we can!" Adrian's mom assured. At the end of the stairway I saw them clutching each other tightly with tears streaming down their face.
"Dave." My dad says holding out a hand.
"Scott." Adrian's dad says taking his hand and pulling him into a man hug.
I bite my lip hard to resist the tears. I don't want to see them go either, they're like my second parents. They took care of me when my dad and mom were late coming home. We spent many holidays with them too as well as many vactaions.
Connie and Dave turn towards my older sister, Emma, and give her a hug.
"Oh, Emma!" Connie cooed hugging her tight.
"Good lucky in college, Em!" Dave said patting her back.
"Thanks Connie, Thanks Dave. Tell Kelly I said hi! If she ever gets married soon you have to let us know!" Emma sniffed. Kelly is Adrian's sister and Emma's best friend in the whole world. Kelly's attending fashion school in NYC and will be moving to Hollywood once she graduates. She left a week ago so she could get settled in New York.
"Of course, sweetie!" Connie exclaimed bringing her into another hug and seeing me over her shoulder.
"Macey, dear!" Connie gasped motioning me over to her. I walked over to her as she pulled me into her arms, stroking my hair.
"We're going to miss you, Mace!" Connie sobbed.
"I'm going to miss you guys too." I squeaked. Now I couldn't hold the tears back. She pulled away and held my face in between her hands. "Don't you worry okay? We'll stay in touch and make sure our Adrian doesn't turn into a conceited snob!"
I had to laugh at her words. Those were some of the reasons I'm afraid is going to happen. Adrian's not that kind of guy to have a massive change like that but you never know. He was going to famous for God's sake.
Usernames:
                                                        Zack_Attack
                                                        L-Train
                                                         F-money
                                                           Summer
                                                            Tamika
Other characters-
KaLe_earth
Mr.Finn
I am back with a new book! And another surprise tomorrow!! Happy Thanksgiving!!
EDITED: 7/11/15 ✓
Prologue
I dropped backwards onto my plush double bed and smiled, inhaling a greedy breath. Home, I thought contently. Today had been a perfect day. This morning I had dreaded the shift from summer vacation to an uncharted school year – my first year of high school, to be exact. However, the unnerving day had blossomed into one filled with new and exciting possibilities.
                          Thinking back, I realize now I had been silly for feeling unsettled. I knew high school would turn out to be okay; in fact, better than okay. 
I had shared the day with my three best friends, had the chance to meet new people, and even had a pleasantly decent lunch from the school's cafeteria. Above all, I had tried out for the school's spirit squad; I've always dreamed of wearing their glittery costumes at Friday night football games. Spending my fair share at games growing up, nothing had ever caught my eye in quite the same way as that those outfits did. Now, perhaps, I could be one of those girls; perhaps... I could shine. 
I couldn't wait for tomorrow. 
Sighing contentedly, I rolled onto my stomach and rested my chin atop of my entwined forearms. After a few moments of silent bliss, I heard a soft knock on my bedroom door.
"Yea?" I shouted lightly, despite knowing who was on the other side of the door. 
As the door swung open, I felt a grin stretch across my lips. 
"Hey, Cal," I toned down my beaming smile as my brother narrowed his kindhearted blue-eyed gaze. There was no doubt in my mind that he was curious to hear about my first day. I was entering his world, and despite his constant overprotectiveness, I knew he waned to see me flourish. 
Cal has always been a great brother... sometimes, even more than I could truly appreciate. Cal is many things: handsome, athletic, loyal, and fiercely protective. He and I shared the same sandy blonde hair and ivory skin. However, whereas my eyes were hazel, Cal's were a magnificent shade of gunmetal blue. 
I was proud to be known as Cal Jameson's kid sister, despite smugly knowing that I would not be seen as a kid for much longer. 
"So... how'd it go?" Cal asked, leaning against my doorframe. I bit down on my lip to hold off my growing grin. 
"It was great," I replied honestly, averting his gaze and sitting up slightly. 
"Are any of the guys bugging you?" Cal asked quickly, frowning. Of course he'd ask that.
"No, Cal, besides I'm a big girl now; I can handle myself," I smirked, rolling my eyes despite the heat rising in my cheeks. I admit, there was that one cute boy in my history class...
"I'll find out, Soph," Cal warned, smirking devilishly. 
I grunted slightly. Cal is the senior captain of our high school football team, and I'm soon realizing that that factor will bring on both advantages and drawbacks throughout my high school career. On one hand, I don't believe I'll have to worry about being teased too harshly. However, on the other hand, most freshmen boys at East Hill will probably think twice before getting too friendly with me. Nobody wanted to be on the football team's bad side. 
"You can try," I teased coyly. Cal looked down at his watch for a moment and rubbed his neck aggressively. I wondered if he had strained himself during this morning's football practice. "Where are you going?" I frowned, pointing the gym bag just outside my door. Cal simply shrugged and looked up from his watch.  
"Jason and a couple of the guys are driving over to pick me up and then we're heading to the gym," Cal shrugged away from the doorframe to stand up straight. "I'll probably be back before dinner but if not, I left money for you on the counter in case you want to order anything." 
"Okay..." I chewed my lip and slowly sat up straight. "Have you... spoken to Dad?" I asked quietly, already having a good idea of what Cal would soon say. I shouldn't expect a different answer since this was just the way life was for the two of us; how it has always been. 
"Not really. Last week he said might be home in a month or so, depending on the business. Sophia, I don't want you to..." Cal started, looking torn. I smiled brightly and quickly to hide my gnawing disappointment.
"I'm just asking! It's not a big deal, and I don't really care much," I tucked my hair behind my ears and stood up to walk over to my school bag. Halfway there, the doorbell chimed loudly throughout the empty house.
"See you tonight?" Cal smiled apologetically and rubbed the back of his neck, again. 
"See you," I nodded and smiled, hoping to ease his obvious worries. Every few weeks I ask just once, hoping senselessly that my Dad would be home from whichever business trip he'd jetted off to. In some retrospect, it may seem like a blessing to live alone with my brother in a luxurious house. I had a lot of freedom. 
However, it stung to know that the only way our father communicated with us was through a hefty cheque in the mail every month. 
Hesitating for a second, Cal stretched over to me and ruffled my hair playfully with his hand.
"Bye kiddo," Cal smirked at my annoyed expression before he disappeared down the hall. 
I sighed dramatically before laughing easily. 
I'd unpack my school things, do a little homework, and order something delicious that would pair well with my newest TV-show obsession...
Then... it happened. 
One moment I was smiling and laughing and then in the next, I heard the sound of a loud, awful thud cut off Cal's soft footsteps. Had he dropped his bag? I froze, my fingers shaking slightly as I rose from my crouched position. 
"Cal?" I shouted softly, feeling my gut twist painfully. After a moment of complete silence, I felt the sensation of my heart sinking into my gut. 
"Cal? Cal, what did you drop? Did something break?" I shouted again, feeling slightly frightened. Still, silence was the only reply to my cries. "Cal!" I yelled in frustration, throwing myself out of my room quickly. I was suddenly feeling ill and unstable. Somehow I'd made it all the way down the long hallway before I jerked to a stop at the top of our straight, dark-wood staircase.
The world fell away as I absorbed the scene beneath me. 
My brother lay crumpled on his side at the bottom of the staircase with a bead of blood dripping from his nose. In my comatose state, I could almost zoom-in to see that single bead of blood, dribbling fluidly over his skin and across his parted lips. The moment the blood hit the floor, I found myself running. 
"CAL!" Screams ripped through my throat as I clambered clumsily down the steps. "OH, GOD! CAL!" I crashed onto my knees painfully beside him. 
Short gasps flew through my lips as I placed my hands on Cal's still shoulders. Tear-less sobs rippled through my chest as I patted my brother weakly. "C-C-Cal." Uncontrollable wetness collected in my eyes, burring the horrendous sight before me. 
No, no, no, no. The word repeated restlessly through my mind. 
I looked around frantically as hot tears slipped down my cheeks. Distantly, I could hear a cluster of male voices outside the front door. 
"HELP! PLEASE, SOMEONE HELP!" I screamed ear-piercingly loud. Through my blinding tears and stunned senses, I was vaguely aware of Jason and a few of Cal's other friends, suddenly bursting through the unlocked door. 
I wanted to scream again and tell Jason to call an ambulance, or cry to cope through my wild fears, but instead I fell into a sudden state of stock-still as I gazed into Cal's half-closed, unresponsive, blue eyes. It was as if my mind had sluggishly processed the situation now, long after my body had reacted. Jason's arms encircled my shaking body, sliding my doll-like figure against his strong chest. He had attempted to cover my tear-stained gaze with his muscular arms, but I could unseen Cal's blooded face, or lifeless eyes. It was much too late now to shelter me from the truth...I knew.
My brother, my Cal, was dead.
hola lovelies,
ok this isnt eitd but i just wanted to get this published i hope you guys like it :)btw that is suttons party outfit :)
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
The loud music blared threw the speakers. Briget my "Best Friend" dragged me to this party. I love the chick to death but she knows how much I hate parties.
Just then as i took a deep breath the most intoxicating scent hit my enhanced werewolf senses. Yes I am a werewolf the whole town is, get over it. I started looking around the room for the sorce when my eyes landed on him.
He was by the door talking to some guys from my pack. He wasnt from my pack, but tonight was my not blood brother also soon to be alpha, Ryder's, 18t birthday. He was probably one of Ryder's friends.
Suddenly he mus have notice my scent becaus he started looking around till his beautiful Green eyes settled on mine. In that moment the 2 beers I had, had started to effect my judgment if not for those 2 little drinks my life may not have ended up like it has but then again I wouldn't change it, but any ways before you hear the end you must hear the beginig and middle so back to my story.
After gazing at eachother for a few moments he made the first move. Leaving the guys he wa talking to he started walkig towards me. I got off the bar stool i had been pearched at and started walking twards him and we met inthe middle on the dance floor.
Again he made the first move an spoke, "Hi." was all he said but his rough sexy voice made my knees weaken a bit. Also I could smell the alcohol on his breath but some how i over looked it and said, "Hi" back. My voice came out a little breathless but before I culd say more he took a hold of my hand and the sparks that i have heard others describe when they first make skin to skin contact with their mate were nothing like this. Words couldn't describe this!
Some how I knew when he wapped his arms around my waist that if he hadn't been drinking he wouldn't be wrapping his arms around my waist with a big idiot grin on his face, but I was just so happy I had finally found my mate that i couldnt help but return his smile.
Then he leaned down and kissed me as I wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him closer to me if it was possible. We both pulled away so we could breath he ook my hand and pulled me with him as he walked over and up the stairs.
I was a virgin, but I wasn't scared to give him my virginity. I mean we were mates and we were going to spend the rest of our lives together. Right?
<><><><><><><><><><><>
I woke up the next morning feeling cold and alone. Now that can't be right. I had fallen asleep in my strong, sexy mate's arms and now I awake alone in the edwe shared.
Suddnely i heard voices outsid i recodnzed my mate's voce and Ryder's voice. I heard Ry say "So Jaden is your mate? how come you didn't tell me eairlier?"
Jaden who is Jaden my name is Sutton not JADEN!! my mind screamed i instantly picked up my panties, bra, sweat shirt and jeans and got them on quickly stuffing my braclet in my pocket and my earings had stayed on last night so i ran my fingers threw my hair as i ran down the staris i made it to the door just as Ry was coing in.
I ignored him when he said 'whoa wheres the fire' and ran out the door hoping to catch Ry's friend Jace who is also my mate! I caught him when he was just about 10 feet from his car and said, "Jace...Jace...JACE WHAT THE HELL!!" i finaly screamed at him when he didnt turn around.
When i called his name the first time he stopped but didnt turn around ha didnt the second time either, but he did the third. 'Ugh had to make this harder than it has to be" i heard him mumble under his breath. Now I was 2 maybe 3 feet away from him. I finally Spoke and said, "What the hell Jace! Were you just going to leave me with out even saying good bye?"
"Yes." he replied coldly with a bored look on his face.
My eyes watered a bit and blured my vision. Why was he being so cold? "But I'm your mate Jace we are supposed to be toghter forever."
"OK heres the thing. Listen, I'm already in love with a girl and she is going to be a perfect Alpha Female. I've know Ryder for almost my wole life and so I some what know you. From the bit I've been around you i know Jaden can make a musch better Alpha Female than you can.She's strong, beautiful , and a good leader and you are none of those." he said with a bored tone. how could he sound so bored doesn't he know he's ripping my heart out with every word he says.
"But your my mate." I said again trying to get him to change his mind. Then I added, "Your my mate and last night we made love." i sad now tears streaming down my face. hoping he would see how bade was hurting me.
"Last night was a mistake. Thats another diffrence, between you and Jaden, she wouldnt open her legs to just any man who wanted her at the time." then he started to walk away.
"Jace are yo-you-" i couldn't even get the rest out because of my crying.
"Yes i'm rejecting you as my mate." He said but not turning around.
"Jace." he turned an looked at me, "Please dont go." but all he did was stare at me for a few moments then he turned and left me as my sobs too over as i fell to the ground.
Hello! I'm Rachel pereira, 17 years old and the nerd in college. The loner the one no one talks to...or at least that's what they think. Yes I pretend to be a nerd...Iv alway had the spot light on me since I was little. See...being a rich spoils brat gets a little...boring!  My parents come home really Late or sometimes don't come home at all. They love me and I know that...I get what ever I want when I want. Life was so simple...So I decided to change my college life and keep it a little different. I'm the nerd but actually my grades at pretty average not that great. When I stick my head in a book it's usually to keep up the act. It actually is a lot of trouble pretending to be good all the time. Now that doesn't mean I don't have fun, sure I don't attend college parties or as a matter of fact get invited. I still party hard with my school friends with their new college friends. I don't have any special talents...I will take over for my mom in her fashion firm cool right. So ya I'm you good girl that haven't been caught by her college. Everyone other that the people in my college know I'm a party freak.          I don't think I get bullied, I mean yes Mark does push me or make me trip. I'm kinda ok with that as long as he doesn't take it too far. I'm a thought woman but I do still feel hurt and I have feelings. When I was 14 I had my first boyfriend and heartbreak. Turns out he dated me for money. So you can say he also caused me to do this little stunt. So far everyone has fallen for my act. Dayum! I should be in the drama club...hehe. Anyway right now I'm at home. It's a week end which means party!!! I put on my denim ripped jeans and a black tank top with blue pumps. I let my brown hair down. Natural curls rule anyway...I have 2 day to get over my hangover. I was picked up by one of my friends and we arrived at this house where the party was. I headed up, loud music sweat people, girls and guys grinding on each other. So many of my friend making out all over the place. Sandy my best friend pulled me to meet her new boyfriend. We stopped in front of two guys and you won't believe one of them was Mark. Funny right but I don't think he'd remember me anyway. "This is Kevin and his younger brother Mark...Boys this is Rachel my best babe. Hey!Kevin told me Mark goes to the same College as you, babe!" She said to me, I mentally hit her and smiled at the boys "Yea! Maybe we are in different classes." I said trying to avoided any father discussion. Sandy shoved a drink to me and I drank it. After a couple of rounds I was a drinking mess. I'm pretty sure by now I'm grinding on some random guy. I felt someone pull me away from all the noise and crowd. "I know who you are" was all I remember hearing before I passed out.      --next day 6 pm--       Ahh! Shit, I think I drank to much...then again it's me. How did I end up here at home? My head hurts I go down the stairs. I guess mom and dad aren't home...I take some coffee and chug it down feeling a lot better.  I checked my phone and Sandy send me few pictures. I was dancing on the table and grinding one some guy. I also had extra numbers, nothing new there except one number. By the name 'BadBoyM' pretty obvious who that is. God I don't remember any- No way...the one who said I know who you are  is Mark, I hope he keeps his mouth shut. I also already had a message from Mark.BadBoyM: Meet me on Sunday at 10 am...don't be late Nerd I'll pick u up. God, how the hell did he even, well I don't have a choice. I ordered some pizza and watched Netflix before going to bed. Beep Beep Bee-  i shut the clock off and got up. I put my sweat pants and tank top on and tied my hair in a bun. I looked good enough. It's around 9.15 am and I quickly made toast and some Tea. I watched a little Tv and then I herd a honk, Marks here. I grabbed some money and my phone and keys. Locked the door, I tried to open the door but he locked it. I put my hand on my waist and looked at him through the glass. He laughed and opened it, I sat in the back. "You could sit in the front Nerd" he said looking at me through the review mirror. "Keep your eyes on the road Manhore!" I shot back, I'm a nerd in College and outside, he smirks and looks in front. We stop at Starbucks, I get out and follow him in.      He ordered a café late and I took a hot chocolate. We sat at the table face to face, for the first 5 neither of us said anything. Then he finally decided to break the silence. "So nerd or should I say Rachel. Why do you act so nerdy when you have a body of a model?" He said to me. How do I tell this dum Guy what I want, what is he truly after, cause he could just tell the whole college. Something is obviously wrong here. "Depends, why do you care?" He Laughed and smiled like a actual smile. "Smart girl! But I asked you first" he said I will not give up. "I'm not smart you just to stupid and I will not answer till you tell me why?!" I said crossing my arms over my chest as he sis the same. "We have all day..." He said we sat there looking at each others eyes. Weird his eyes are of different colours. Focus Rachel! You can do it!
This story is up for the WATTY AWARDS 2012 ! I would really like it if you could show your support and vote for the chapters while reading this story :) Thanks.
*****************************************************
Chapter 1
“I’ll be down in a minute Jax!” I screamed from my upstairs bedroom.
My name is Alexandra Carter, but everybody just calls me Lexi. Today I am starting my junior year at Westview High and of course, my brother – Jaxon Carter, one of the most popular seniors at school, not to mention overall jerk – is giving me a ride today since I won’t have my license for a few more months. I am an average 16 year old girl with long brown hair, brown eyes, and an alright body – not that anybody else knows that; I’ve never been kissed, much less had sex.
“Lex, if you don’t get down here in the next minute, I’m going to school without you… Carson’s already waiting in the car and we need to leave NOW” I heard my brother shout from downstairs. Seconds later I heard the front door slam shut
I hate making my brother angry, so with a final look in the mirror, I grabbed my bag after checking I had anything and ran down the stairs. I made a quick stop in the kitchen to see my mother sitting there reading the newspaper and dressed for work.
My mother was a lawyer for a huge law firm a couple of minutes outside the city. I hardly knew my father. I was only 4 when he died because he went out on a stormy night one winter and the next thing you know, my mother was getting a call saying that he had lost control of the vehicle and smashed into a tree. It took my mom a really long time to get over his death but finally started to get herself together when Jaxon was around 12 and I was turning 11. She has dated since then, but hasn’t found anyone as great as him yet.
I said goodbye to my mother and gave her a kiss on the cheek and I ran out the door hoping that Jaxon hadn’t left yet.
I got into the backseat slamming the door shut.
“Hey, watch the car!” Jaxon told me while he turned the key in the ignition and drove out of the driveway.
My brother had gotten a car last year after getting his license and he loved it. It was a red BMW 520d and never once had a scratch on it. I still can’t believe my mom bought him this car, but I guess after all the begging she must have caved just to make him shut up
“Sorry bro, but if I wasn’t in such a rush because of the stupid prank you two pulled last night, I probably wouldn’t have taken it out on your car”
Last night, after I had gone to bed, Jaxon and his best friend Carson, who is also are next door neighbour thank you very much, had decided it would be extremely hilarious to draw on my face and turn my alarm clock off. So when I woke up this morning I was already late plus I had to take 20 extra minutes to wash off the marker masterpiece that was displayed all over my face.
Copright 2014 ®All rights reserved. Strong language and brief sexually content.
Chapter 1
Welcome to Compton 
Cashmerres pov...
Wassup bitches! I'm cashmerre , yeah like the sweater so dont fucking judge me. Im 16 and I'm all black, I'm short I dont think I'm thick but most people say I am.
Right now I'm packing my shit because my moms said I'm not good enough to live with her and her husband and his bitch ass daughter.
Just because I punched the hoe in the face for calling me out my name , I'm not good enough.
I'm going to Compton to live with my uncle until I turn 18. Well thats what my Moms said but as soon as I get a chance I'm making a run for it and going back to ATL.
One thing about me is I got anger issues and trust issues. I hate when people call me out my name especially a bitch. I'm like do you see me walking on four legs and barking.
"Cash are you ready?" my momma asked.
"Give me a minute damn." I said packing my last bag.
"well hurry your black ass up then!" See what I go through and I wonder why I got issues because , of the woman I call momma. 
I grab my bags and put them in the truck. My moms husband and her daughter gets in the truck too.
"Ma why the hell did they have to come?" I said
" Because they can, damn the sooner I ship your ass to Compton the better my life well be." she said
"What the hell ever." I said. The whole ride to the airport  that ugly ass man and his daughter was giving me looks and shit.
We pulled up at the airport and I gladly hoped out the truck and started walking towards the entrance until my dead beat momma called me back.
"Cash I swear to god if you get in trouble up there I'm not gonna be there to save you. " when was you ever.
"If Marcus calls and say you got arrested for fighting or stealing ima tell him to let your ass rot in that cell for as long as possible." She said. 
"what ever" I said. Out of no where she pulled me into a hug and let me go. 
I started walking towards the entrance dragging my two suitcases behind me. I got on the plane fell into a deep sleep thinking about my life in Compton.
...............
I got off the plane and walked towards my uncle marcus and gave him a big hug.
"Hey sweet pea." he said picking up my suitcases and putting it in his BMW. My uncle thinks that I dont know he's a drug dealer , but its so obvious his house is huge and he got about 8 cars and my cousin got so much shit its ridiculous.
We pulled up to his house and I seen my cousin Tracy cheesing at me. I have to say this is gonna be totally different out here in Compton then in ATL and I think I'm ready for the ride.
THANK U FOR READING THIS ITS MY FIRST BOOK SO YEA
VOTE
&
COMMENT
Until next time thugs and thuggettes
~Laquaisha~
He has fiery red hair, dark green eyes, sun tanned skin, and an amazing smile.Best friend(s): Gemini, SagittariusEnemy: Virgo and his selfPersonality: he is a go getter, natural leader, and would do anything for his friends if they're close.Age: 16
Эта история произошла со мной в старшей школе. Моей семье выпал некий куш в бизнесе, и я была вынуждена переехать в Хилл Вилл. В какой-то степени этот переезд перевернул всю мою жизнь. Я даже сейчас изредка подумываю: «А не бросить ли всё и не встретится ли со своей лучшей подругой?!». Но я забегаю далеко-далеко вперёд.
Начнём с того, что мои родители, дабы показать своё высокое положение в обществе, купили огромный двухэтажный дом со всем, что нужно для всеобщей зависти: бассейн, небольшое поле для гольфа, благоухающий сад, и др., а также впихнули меня и моего брата в школу для «мажоров». В школе нам выдали общепринятую школьным советом форму и огромный свод правил, которому мы обязаны следовать. Майкла это весьма не устраивало, поэтому он то и дело злобно верещал по каждому из пунктов:
- Джейн, ну ты это видела? Мы обязаны быть в каком-либо кружке, иначе штраф! Это не школа, а обдираловка какая-то!
И почему я не удивлена?!
- Смирись. Это частная школа, как ни как. 
- А вот ещё. Мы должны раз в месяц помогать учителям, а иначе что?
- Дай угадаю! Штраф!
- Умница, - хихикнул братец и ненароком столкнулся плечом с каким-то парнем, от чего тот пролил кофе на свои кеды.
- Смотри куда прёшь, недоносок!
- Извини,  - испуганно произнёс Майк.
- Извини? Одного извини не достаточно! Вытирай! - парень пнул своей промокшей кедой моего брата. 
- Эй, парень. Ты бы присмирил свой пыл. Он же нечайно, и тебе бы тоже не мешало приоткрыть свои глаза пошире, ведь кофе пролился и по твоей вине тоже.
- Закрой рот, курица! А ты недоносок вытирай!
- Видимо, ты несколько недалек. Во-первых, я человек. Во-вторых, девушка. В-третьих, ничерта он вытирать тебе не будет.
- Ты хоть знаешь с кем вы связались? - с ухмылкой произнёс парень.
- Дайка подумать... Хм... Наверное с очередным мажорчиком, который является элитой этой «супер» школы, которому всё разрешено, потому что его родители владеют огромными финансами... - я осмотрела его с ног до головы, и добавила. - Ну и из-за притягательной внешности.
- Бинго, мартышка.
- Ахах, мартышка? - нервно засмеялась я. - Да я эволюционирую в твоих глазах, прекрасно. Майк, иди домой! - Майк дёрнулся с места, но парень злобно прорычал:
Después de esperar a Noah y notar que no llegaría quizá hasta la próxima clase entré por la puerta trasera.Siempre entraba por aquella puerta, ya que por la principal al entrar por el pasillo te encuentras a personas de todo tipo, entre ellos los arrogantes de los chicos bulleadores y las superficiales chicas con el cabello tinturado, ah, y las más lindas, sexis y populares de la preparatoria.No me agradaba pasar por ahí, cada que lo hago algo se sale de control. Soy la chica la cuál no habla con tranquilidad, al contrario, si tu me dices "¿Qué me miras?" te diré hasta de lo que morirás. Y es que así soy yo, la hipocresía no es buena. Ya saben; te preguntan "¿Qué miras?" tú dices "nada, sólo miraba tu lindo cabello azulado" y sigues caminado, y en cuando estas sola o con tus amigas "Es una zorra ¿cómo que qué le veré? pues lo golfa que se ve, estúpida" qué infantiles.
Pero vaya, algunos días tengo la mala suerte de qué mis amigos los bulleadores estén en la entrada trasera. fumando sus cigarrillos.
—¡Miren miren!— habló uno de ellos con el cigarrillo entre sus dedos índice y medio.
Los ignoré y seguí caminando, uno más se interpuso en mi camino.
—¿Por qué entras por atrás bonita?— tomó mi barbilla.
—No te interesa Harrison, ahora sueltame o te pateo las....
—Me encantas así de agresiva.— me interrumpió.
Flexioné la rodilla dándole en los bajos, sentí tan bien hacerlo.
—A mi me encantas así.— sonreí al mirarlo retorcerse.
Acomodé mi mochila sobre mis hombros y seguí mi camino. Desde hace mucho deseaba hacerlo, aunque no exactamente con él. El líder del grupo es el más conocido en el colegio, de buena familia, malas calificaciones, cinco mujeres deseando estar con él, veinte anhelando su número celular, cincuenta queriendo ir a el baile con él, y todo el colegio envidiando a su novia, excepto yo.Su egocentrismo y arrogancia dejan mucho de que hablar.
/* Life is hard but not something you should give upon. We all are born with something or other specialty. Just because you are not as pretty or as skinny as other, does that make you ugly? We all are beautiful in our own unique way. Some are proud and comfortable in the skin they are in, no matter if it's not perfect while some are just are insecure. No matter how strong, we do need someone someday to make us feel special. */"What is your problem Sara? Why you keep pushing away people who care for you? Why can't you just once come out of your insecurities and see how great couple we'd make together?" said Jack, not letting go of my wrist.
I resisted and tried to walk away when something hard pushed me towards wall. Jack kept his hands around me and caged him in his arms."LET GO JACK!!!""You first tell me what problem do you have?"With that I see Jack leaning towards me and come so close that I can feel his heavy and sweet breath. Next thing I remember is that his sexy lips are on mine. I got shiver down my spine. I could literally feel the heat building on, I could feel the sparks and butterflies in my stomach. I, too shocked, to make any move just stood there with eyes wide open. He deepens the kiss but I made no move to kiss him back. What's wrong with me? Why am I not kissing back the guy I have been longing for ages?He parted away his lips and kept staring in my eyes with a smile on his face. "This feels so right and special! "Said Jack.
I heard my phone vibrating and hence got back into my senses. I pushed him away screaming "THIS IS ALL SOO WRROOONNGGG!!"
I ran away.

Pride was a bit late this year. The school year had already began. Usually, pride was during summer but for some reason, this year, it came late. By the looks of it, there weren't many volunteers. I can tell because there was not much of anything. Not many performances. Not many activities. Not many of anything. To be honest, I didn't even want to come to pride this year but my best friend, Chelsea, practically forced me to come. More like dragged me, seriously, she was pulling me by my arm. To make sure that I wouldn't take off running.
Crossing my arms, I stood there, under a tree. My eyes wandered around, watching the people come and go. I sighed, there was not much to see. This was turning out to be a very boring day, just like I expected. Come on now, I had the lowest of expectations, yet, I was still disappointed. How was that even possible? I couldn't understand.
"Eden," Chelsea squealed out my name as she reappeared with a plate of nachos. Yummy, all that melted cheese looked delicious. Without even asking, I grabbed a nacho and carefully ate it. Cheese was dripping from it. "There's a table right there," she nodded over to one, motioning for us to sit.
Shrugging in response, I reached for another nacho and followed her to the table. The sun shined over us. Sweat quickly formed on my forehead. How come it was still this hot even though summer was almost over? I was expecting some wind. At least to refresh us a bit. Luckily, we sat underneath shade. Slouching, I folded my arms on the table and rested my chin on them. I was tired and dehydrated. Standing outside was draining me out. The weatherman's predicament was all fucked up, seriously. According to him, there were going to be a few clouds, well, there weren't any.
"What time are we leaving?" I asked while lifting my chin up from my arms.
"You want to leave?" Chelsea's eyes widened, as if it came as a shocker.
"Yeah, I'm bored," I admitted.
Chelsea opened her mouth to reply but just then, a man sat by her side. He fanned himself with a napkin, then used it to wipe sweat off his face. Delicately, he tapped it on his forehead first. His eyes wandered to the plate of nachos.
"Oh, nachos!" his high pitched voice spoke with excitement.
Chelsea stifled a laugh, "Want some?" she offered, politely.
"Oh no, honey," he breathed heavily, catching his breath. I'm telling you, this sun was killing us all. "I'm on a diet," he rested his hand over his big belly. Nearly bursting out laughing, I covered my mouth. I guess it wouldn't have been wrong to laugh, since he intended it as a joke and was expecting us to laugh. Either way, I tried not to. I thought that was hilarious though. Not knowing what to say but to smile, that's all we did, smiled in response. The man leaned back against the table, using his elbows for support. "Are you girls having a good time?" he asked, making small talk.
Not wanting to verbally lie, I simply nodded. That wasn't as bad, right? Eh.
"I'm having a great time," Chelsea was completely honest. Of course, she didn't have any complains.
"That's good," the man smiled, again, his high pitched voice squealed. "Is that your girlfriend?" he nodded towards me.
"Oh, god, no," Chelsea was quick to clarify.
"Eww, no," I clarified as well. Chelsea was pretty and all but I was so not attracted to her. This was my best friend who we were talking about.
"Oh, okay," the man didn't seem to care all that much. His eyes wandered off. During that moment, Chelsea and I looked at each other and pretended to be gagging. Just by the mention of us dating. That was gross and awkward. The man turned back to us, "Well, I gotta go, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day," he waved very femininely and walked away.


{Unraveled: Chapter One} 


===================================================================

LOVE AND HEARTBREAK, A THIN LINE- CHAPTER ONE: SUB-CHAPTER ONE

===================================================================

There are many versions of heartbreak, I've heard it ranges from the Hate stage, to the Regret stage, and finally, to the Revenge stage. 

I've heard sometimes it tears your soul apart, and sometimes you just feel numb, completely empty inside, alone, and incomplete. The same goes for love. I've heard many different versions of it; from the usual "it feels like the best feeling in the world, I'm flying everyday" to "it's not perfect, but it's worth it". I've never been in love, so honestly, I wouldn't know jacksquat. 

What I do know, is that it doesn't look like sitting on your best friends dirty porch at 3 am on a Sunday, drinking, crying and singing "I'm not the only one" by Sam Smith. No, that is not love. That is love's equally painful, pre-mentioned counterpart. That is heartbreak.

"Sean, you need to pull yourself together," I said, hands on my hips as I stared at my mess of a best friend, crumpled on my front porch. His usually styled to perfection brown hair was in a mess that was no where near considered "artful" and his jeans had a rip I knew wasn't there when he bought it. 

"Sean-get up!" I said as I pulled him to his feet. He stumbled up and leaned towards me to whisper something in my ear.

"Your twin sister is a bitch," he smiled, his breath reeking of alcohol.
I rolled my eyes.

What happened to Sean wasn't even a question. I didn't even have to ask. The moment I saw him in a heap at my front door I knew why Sienna hadn't been home for the past two days.

They had broken up. Again.

Sienna was, as I liked to call her; my twin bitch sister. She was insanely popular and as every cliche goes, she hated me. I wasn't her complete opposite as most books portray the whole twin sister thing, one of them ugly and friendless, one of them perfect and popular, and of course, in the book, the ugly sister ends up with the guy the perfect sister pines after.

I'm far from ugly. That might sound conceited, but I truly hate it when girls far from ugly call themselves ugly. Fake modesty is worse than no modesty.

The truth is, I'm not ugly, but I'm not a bombshell. I just happened to get only 75% of mum's perfect, model genes while Sienna got 100% of both mum and dad's Abercrombie and Fitch-model lookalike genes. 

I was, the least to say, mortified to find out my sister and best friend were going out when I found out last summer.
Chapter One...
I groaned, slamming my hand aimlessly on my bedside table, trying to locate the stupid alarm which had succeeded in waking me up. When I finally found it, I slammed my fist down so hard I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't working tomorrow. After grumbling some more about the dreadful contraption, I realised the reason it was waking my up so early. The first day of school.
I groaned again at this sudden realisation. I had been enjoying the summer holidays just fine, and I definitely didn't want to go back to the hell that school was. Daring to open my eyes and face the light that streamed through my curtains, I grabbed my phone. I only had one message from my best friend Melissa, asking if I needed a lift to school.
My family, consisting of my mother and step-dad, were quite poor, so I couldn't afford a car. My best friend Melissa, however, was rolling in money like a pig in mud, and could easily afford any car she desired. We had been best friends for forever, even before I had had a personality transplant, and she had no problem sharing anything she had with me. Luckily, that included getting a lift to school.
Scraping the covers back and allowing the coldness to engulf my body through my skimpy pajama shorts and top, I clambered out of bed and towards my mirror, deciding how much make-up I was going to have to wear today.
My long, dark hair cascaded down my back, having come out of its loose ponytail in my sleep. My pale, but not 'white as a sheet', skin looked healthy and was free of spots. My dark brown eyes looked bright and lively and I smiled at my reflection, showing my not perfect, but good enough teeth. I wasn't model material, but I definitely wasn't ugly. My 5 foot 7, curvy with boobs, body still attracted some attention though.
Heading out of my room for a shower and dreading the day ahead, I wondered where my 'parents' were. No doubt they were passed out at some randomers house, or even in an alleyway somewhere. I could say that I wasn't worried, but I'd be lying. It might be like this every other night, but that didn't stop me being worrying that something would happen to them one day. I didn't really care about my step-father, Harry, I blamed him for the state my mum was in, but I did care about my mum and what would happen to her if Harry got hurt.
My dad, Arthur, died a couple of years after I was born, so I don't remember him or really know anything about him. Seeing as though my mum got re-married, when I was five, we don't have any pictures of him around the house and I don't even know what he looked like.
I don't like Harry at all. The first 10 years of their marriage was great and we all lived like a proper family, eating dinner together and chatting mindlessly. Then, when I was 15, it started to change. Harry started to not be around as much, getting back from 'work' late. My mother looked distressed about it and even though she didn't tell me anything, it didn't take a lot of brain to guess something was wrong. My instant reaction was to think he was having an affair. Getting back from work late, becoming more distant, all the tell-tale signs.
Then, my theory was ruined when my mum started doing the same thing. They were both coming in late. Whereas it was my mother and me being left out before, it was just me now. Their relationship was fine, if not better, again and they were all lovey-dovey with each other, kissing and whispering, but I was being ignored. It was if they had some kind of new infatuation that I wasn't included in.
I later found out it wasn't an infatuation, it was an addiction. When they started coming in later and later, happier and happier, I realised it wasn't as straight forward as I'd thought. Happy in the evenings and depressed in the mornings. That was how it worked, and I was the one who got the depression taken out on them. I ended up avoiding them both and hating Harry. He was the one who had started it and therefore he was the one to blame.
They used to be inseparable. They used to know everything about each other: quirks, flaws, habits and all. They used to be best friends. Now, they can barely look each other in the eye.
Sachi Nakano hasn't spoken to her middle school friends since high school began. All it took was one month into their new year for their once unbreakable bond to crumble. Now that graduation has come and gone, she has one measly summer before she's off to college, and that might be all she needs to reignite an old spark.
One lake house. Four frenemies. A total disaster. 
completed | posting (november '15 - july '16)completed | writing (november '15 - january '16)
Love isn't limited to romance. Love is more than that; love is the relationship between siblings, the relationship between parent and child, the relationship between friends. And as someone who has never fallen in love, I sometimes find it difficult to accurately portray the emotions one might have when they fall for someone.
But as someone who has had my entire personality shaped by the people around me, people I consider my friends, I understand the connection that binds two people in soul, even if there is no romance involved. I'm fortunate to have people I know I can count on, who've healed parts of me I didn't know were broken, who've fit into my life like they were meant to be here all along.
Friendship, like romance, has its complications. People can fall out of friendship just as well, and that's what I wanted to portray with this novel. 
There may be people who aren't fortunate to have someone they can really count on, and there may be people who bicker constantly with their companions, and there may be friends who are even closer than siblings. Friendship is just as intricate as romance, and it is so easily glossed over in novels that people don't realize how essential it is to one's well being. 
With this project, I promise there will be none of that. The history, the pain, the heartbreak—none of that will be brushed over. Friendship can be just as ugly as love, but it can be just as beautiful. I can only hope that you'll accept the characters for who they are and who they are with each other, and I promise that this will be a crazy ride.
Here's to proving that platonic relationships can be a hundred times more interesting than romantic ones.
I couldn't believe it, I haven't even thought about them for the past couple months it finally got easier to suppress them as time went on, it was better for my mentality if I forget and numb my insides to not feel any emotion towards them or this situation that became apart of my life but here I was my hands clammy as I felt my heart rate beat uncontrollably as the car came to a stop outside Laney's driveway, ever since my mother called me I became a little shaken up which wasn't me, I wasn't even in my right mind right know but Laney needed to know.
I took a breath before unbuckling my seatbelt and getting out of the car to be met by the cold crisp air of the night that greeted me with every step I took towards her front door.
I walked in seeing the 13 year old sitting in her PJs on the sofa watching some nickelodeon show as I paced myself "hey Miranda wheres your sister?" I asked as she turned with a smile acknowledging my presence.
"She's in her room" she replied.
"Thanks" I said returning her smile quickly before making my way to the staircase hearing my feet tap each wooden panel as I jogged up.
My mother and Laney's where out of town on business so me and Laney where taking care of Miranda as usual but I had things to do today so I was more distracted well until that phone call it's funny how your life can change like someone's pulled a switch for the realisation kicks in and you have no idea what to do but I won't be feeling like that for long Laney was my best friend, my sister and the only person I opened up to, after they left I shut people out and trusted less mainly because the people I'd give my life for left us, abandoned us and broke the family, could they really be that heartless? They must have known this wouldn't end well for us if they left and yet they did but why was my question.
I walked down the hallway landing how can I tell her? How will she react? What will we do? The knots that came to form in my stomach knots turned before I opened the door to her bedroom seeing her laying on her bed with her phone in hand so I walked over and plopped myself beside her, oh here we go.
She turned to face me when her smile dropped and by the look on her face she knew I wasn't myself, no one could read me at all it was always a guessing game when people saw us, it's what we became what they made us but we could read each other easier than the page of a book.
"Hey" she started sitting up as she shut her phone off laying it by her side studying my features carefully "what's up?" She questioned, I was never one to beat around the bush and thankfully neither was Laney so cutting to the point I gave a simple reply.
"Their back" the words left my lips as I looked at her, she looked as is she'd been hit in the face by a ton of bricks, it's funny isn't it how a couple years ago we would have dreamed for someone to utter those words but now we bore bitterness towards them.
Times change and that's all life was made out of time, it's all that mattered but right know in this moment time might has well of stopped for the both of us as I uttered those words it really became real, I wasn't just loosing my mind like I tried convincing myself, no because it was real.
We sat there in silence as I looked at her hazel glazed over eyes till finally she spoke "wait, wait, wait what do you mean their back? Have you seen them?" She asked frantically as she sat up with her legs crossed as I followed doing the same.
"No" I uttered with a lifeless tone before continuing "my mom phoned me earlier their finally home" I said before she leaped forward wrapping her arms around me.
"What do we do? I mean it's been 3 years and they left us?" she asked as I rested my head on her shoulder.
I love Laney she may not be blood but she's my sister, my partner in crime and practically my other half considering we haven't left each other's side since diapers, we're family and I knew she would be hurting to.  

Author's Note
The Santa Rita Island of this book is based on beautiful Santa Catalina Island, off the coast of Los Angeles. Those familiar with Catalina will recognize many things in the story, the majestic Inn on the hill, the little town of Paradise, and so on. However, because this is a work of  fiction, Santa Rita is just as different from the real Catalina as it is similar. All of the book's characters are from my imagination (especially the disagreeable ones,) and any similarity to a real person is accidental.
My thanks to one real person, Ron Moore, of Dive Catalina, who patiently answered my many questions about scuba diving.  Thanks, too, to the crew of the Scuba Cat, who gave me a tour of their vessel, a real live working dive boat.
If, despite the expert help I've received, any errors have crept into this book, they are mine alone.
Finally, although my character, Alexandra, is dying to take off and explore the world, she will always love and come back to her island home. And Catalina will always have a special place in my heart.
Thanks and happy reading!
Anne Pfeffer

P.S. August 21, 2016  My thanks to the thousands of people who have enjoyed my book and to those who've tried my other books on Wattpad, The Wedding Cake Girl and Any Other Night.
(Andriana on the side---->)
Hey! My name is Adriana Lynn Payne, but everyone calls me Andy. I grew up living in a small house with 5 older brothers. Both my parents died in a car crash when I was 5, so my brothers practically raised me. That being said, I grew up a tomboy.
I played sports with my brothers, hung out with guys, and always watched the games on tv. Having no female guidance at all wasn’t easy; imagine how awkward and uncomfortable it was talking about my period and the "sex talk" with my brothers.
Even though some things were hard my brothers did the best they could, and I love them for that.
Being the way I was I only had one best friend, who was naturally a guy. His name was Mason Louis and I knew him ever since I was 2 when he moved down the block from me.
Growing up I was bullied often. I wasn’t the prettiest girl, I had green eyes and long brown hair that I would braid and wear a baseball cap. Since we didn’t have much money growing up I couldn’t afford clothes that were all in style but I didn’t care i loved my faded jeans and my shirts 2 sizes too big.
Something about being a tomboy with no parents made me an easy target to mess with. Mason would always stick up for me but it didn’t stop them, and when my brothers would threaten them they would stop for a little but always start again.
One time some popular boy asked me to formal, but he stood me up. It was just some joke.
But the worse time was when Ryan Ortiz, the most popular kid in school took me out on a date. We were in his car talking and when he tried to do more I told him no. Rejecting him made him angry, cause the next day at school he made all these horrible rumors up about me. He told people I slept with him and begged him for it, just one of many rumors.
Freshman year i was offered a chance to go to school in Paris for two years for free because of my Good grades. I jumped at the opportunity because I couldn’t stand being in this school anymore.
At first my brothers hesitated about sending me away, but I told them I wasn’t happy here. Eventually they let me go.
Fast-forward 2 years.
Here I am 16 years old standing outside my house, bags in each hand.
Let’s say 2 years in Paris did me good.
I filled out. My once flat chest is a size C, and my once invisible curves were now visible. I also gained some fashion sense. A girl name Céline befriended me and took me under her wing. It’s not like I was a total girly girl, I still had my tomboy sense (still can’t walk in a pair of heels to save my life). For instance I was wearing my black high-top converse, high waited denim shorts, and a crop top.
I lifted my black ray bans over my head and sighed, as much as I missed my brothers and Mason it wasn’t worth coming back to this hell hole.
As if my brothers could sense my arrival the front door opened and my 5 brothers poured out of my house, along with a few of their friends.
Michael is my oldest brother he was 27 years old and a fireman. He was the responsible adult.
John was a senior in college, who also was responsible but he wasn’t as uptight as Michael.
Chris was a freshman in college, and he was an insane party animal.
Then the twins Aiden and Alex, they are seniors in high school and big football stars.
Since I was the girl and the baby of the family, my brothers and some of their closest friends always called me Baby. It started out as insult just to bug me and it stuck.
' Vote , Comment and Follow 😄
New Book, I was tired of the old ones. this book should be worth your precious time, because time is the only that don't wait for you, you can't edit time either. do enjoy. 
None of this characters I use is The Real People im conveying but most of the events in this book are true events that happened to me. 
-----
C a r t e r 
I Was living in miami, but wait it gets worst, I lived in the worst part, people getting rob right in front of you, people getting they ass beat, in front of the authorities, People getting killed in pure daylight, so what do expect from me? to do good in school ? to stay on the honor roll? To not sell drugs? well your hella' wrong then, when your parents don't take care of you,shouldn't I be happy right? 
I have a roof over my head, the lights are off, the waters barely pouring from the faucet. oh yeah and my abusive ass father, he's a straight drunk I swear to you. He gets drunk and beat on me and my brother, my brother is older but we are in the same grade he's older by minutes we're fraternal twins but you can tell I am more masculine and he's more feminine, but thats because we're both gay, he likes dick and I love the clit, I don't judge him he don't judge me, and we love each other to death, my mother's a worthless bitch who allows our father to do the unthinkable to us. 
----
Just A Little Something MY MINNIE synopsis. ❤ this story get intense so be aware. 
' Should I continue Or Nah? 
A/N Hey guys!! This is a new story, one that I won't put on hold! I swear I'll try and make this as much of a comedy as romance, but I don't have much experience with romance... thanks for listening to my babble!! Vote, comment, follow!! -Love Morgiebug P.S. not edited!*******************************************************Slamming my locker shut, I held my math text book close to my chest. Why were these books so damn heavy? I swear one day when I'm carrying this home I'll fall over into the snow and just die! Y'know, if it was even winter.
Chloe, my best friend, skipped lightly down the hall towards my locker.
"Ohmigod, Ohmigod!" she squealed merrily. "Alice-Mae Marie Summer! I have some very important news to tell you!"
"Hi, Chloe." I gave a shy wave.
"Steven Charles just asked me out!" she chirped, her golden blond curls bouncing as she hopped up and down happily.
"Really?" my eyebrows furrowed together, "What did he say?"
"He asked me if I would go to the dance with him!" Chloe always had a huge grin on her face, one that I thought would hurt way to much if I would've worn it all the time.
"The dance?" I asked numbly, she was going to the dance. With a jock. Why wasn't I happy for Chloe? She was always happy for me, the least I could do was be happy for her.
"Yea, the dance on Saturday. Are you mad, Alice?" her expression dropped to a sad looking puppy look. Chloe was so innocent, a few years ago Chloe moved here from southern Georgia and still hadn't lost her twang, even though now she talked like a northerner.
"How could I be mad at you? I'm not mad, I'm happy for you!" I faked a smile, not wanting Chloe feel bad.
"Your lying, Alice, why are you lying to me? Do you not want me to go?" she frowned, Chloe looked weird with a frown on her face. Sure she was still pretty, but she wasn't a frowner.
I sighed, staring into her pretty lake blue eyes and found myself saying, "I just feel left out, Chloe, it's not that I'm mad I'm just... I can't explain it."
Her smile came back. "That's an easy fix! We'll just find you a date and then we can double date!"
By now we were on our way down the hall and on our way to the double doors that lead out to the quad.
"I don't know, Chloe, I think I'll just end up chickening out. Thanks for the offer though." I told her gratefully.
"Are you sure?? I can ask Co-"
"Shhh, don't say his name! We're in public!" I whisper yelled.
She grimaced. "Oops, sorry, Ali, I can be so loud sometimes..."
"It's okay, Chloe, I know you didn't try to." I hugged her before heading into the math-science building.
"See ya at lunch, Ali!" Chloe called after me.
I threw a smile over my shoulder and then continued walking. The sun shone brightly, reminding me of how bright and happy Chloe is.The grass was a bright green, since it was still just the beginning of the school year fall was just around the corner.
Around me, teenagers laughed and flirted openly. That would never be me, only because the only friend I had was Chloe. Other people avoided me, unless they wanted my help on homework. But everyone loved Chloe, we still sat alone though, only because Chloe refused to leave me.
I opened the double doors and went inside the math-science building. What I didn't expect was to suddenly come face to face with Colton. Well not face to face, more like face to well muscled chest.
Colten was the school's ultimate bad boy, he was always in ISS and detention. With his auburn carefully styled hair, bright ice blue eyes, and leather jacket, he was sexy as hell. He was also my crush.
"Sorry," I murmured, blushing a bright red as I looked down at my shoes and trying to go around him. He apparently had the same idea so we bumped into each other again.
"Oops," I said quietly, blushing even redder. I moved to the left again and he did too.
"How 'bout you go right and I'll go left?" he suggested, his voice soft. Softer then normal...
So we did, turns out his left was my right.
"How 'bout we both go right?" I laughed nervously.
"Good plan," he smiled. So we both went right, thus getting around each other. We both went our separate ways, that was the first time I'd ever spoken to him! I giggled like a little girl and broke out into a huge smile.
For the rest of the day, I continuously thought about that one moment, just barley paying any attention in class. ~~~~I practically ran out of the math-science building after class, hearing Mr. Perry call out a warning for me to slow down but I was to far gone to care.
When I saw Chloe, I smiled even bigger, racing towards her.
"Chloe! I have big, big, big news!" I gushed, panting.
"Is it bigger then the news I told you earlier?" She smiled, while leading me towards our table, which was under a big maple tree, whose leaves were turning all sorts of golds and reds.
I nodded vigorously. "Yes!"
Chloe sat on the table and I stood in front of her.
"Tell me every detail!" she insisted. So I did.
"Ohmigod! Colten spoke to you!" she hugged me before sitting down again.
"He is sooo hot!" I squealed.
Chloe's eyes widened at something behind me, but before I turned around I felt someone lean closer to me before whispering in my ear, "I'm glad you think I'm hot."
Book trailer --->
Sixth grade was so boring. The kids in here were too immature! Twelve year olds were little morons. Why did I have to be one of them? Being a kid wasn't so bad but sometimes I wanted to be older. At least eighteen years old, to do adult things. To be independent. What would keep people from bossing me around, from treating me like a child.
The teacher walked up in front of the classroom. On her side was Ms. LoVecchio. A twenty-two year old who was becoming a teacher. For the past four days, she had been assisting Mrs. Anderson. Learning from her. Honestly, what was she learning? Mrs. Anderson didn't even know how to teach. Couldn't even keep us under control. What was the poor girl going to learn? How to oversee the chaos?
"Class, I'm going home due to an emergency," Mrs. Anderson stated the awesome news. Two boys in front of me high fived each other when she wasn't looking. Yes! Today was going to be an easy and fun day.
"Awe," one of the boys pretended.
"I know," the teacher bought it, bringing a hand to her chest. "Don't worry though, Ms. LoVecchio will stay," she informed. "Please be on your best behavior," her eyes roamed the class, warningly.
"No problem," I gave a thumbs up.
Mrs. Anderson scolded me skeptically. Though, she looked away from me. "Please don't follow Riley's behavior," she pleaded. In that case, did she want them to misbehave? I was planning on behaving this time.
Gasping, I brought a hand up to my chest, "I'm a perfect angel," I played offended.
Mrs. Anderson ignored me. Eh whatever, she was old and mean.
"Bye class," she waved and headed towards her desk, which was all the way in the back of the room. The whole class turned to watch her. The teacher grabbed her things and walked to the door. "Bye," she said one last time while waving goodbye.
As soon as she was, the whole class cheered!
"Finally she left!" Tony exclaimed in excitement.
Getting out of my seat, I shouted out of excitement too. "Woohoo the old lady left!" I celebrated tossing my notebook in the air and letting it fall to the ground.
"Oh no," Ms. LoVecchio walked around the desks, getting to mine. "You will not start to act up now, Riley," she stated firmly, as if that was really going to work.
"I'm only trying to have fun," I shrugged, innocently.
"I've seen how problematic you are," oh, so she had been observing me? How rude of her. Only wanted to bust me on her first opportunity. Tony was the first one to start the chaos. Why was she only singling me out? That was not fair!
"What is that supposed to mean?" my arms crossed as I gave attitude. These classmates looked up to me, I had to prove to them that I was the best leader ever! In order to do that I had to stand up for them. By going against authority. Besides, Ms. LoVecchio was not a real teacher yet.
"That you're a troubled kid," she explained. "Now take your seat and do your work or I'll send you to the principal's office," she warned. Her warnings didn't faze me though.
Took a look at my own desk and shook my head, "I don't want to," I refused. Like I said, I was popular, therefore, I had to keep my reputation. My dad said it was important to be popular. He didn't care so much about the grades, as long as my popularity stayed up. For a twelve year old. Sixth graders were the cools ones in elementary school.
[Brooklyn]
  I've been in the game for a minute now, meaning I was practically The Queen bitch. Scratch that-I am the Queen bitch. Queen of one of Charlotte, NC's most ruthless female gangs, the Diamonds. As corny as it sounds, we ain't nothing to fuck with. We get shit done as soon as my man Profit assigns it to us.  
Allow me to formally introduce myself, my name is Brooklyn Cassiana Heights. I was born and raised here in Charlotte, that's how I started this shit. At only 20 years old, I've already knocked off a couple heads in my career. The funny thing is I never even seen the inside of a court house. 
My girl Carmen and I came up with this "idea" when we were in the seventh grade. Both of us had that "fuck school" mentality, so we invested in the streets. We couldn't just start a gang, we had to have connects. That's where Profit comes in at.  
Profit used to make runs for this nigga named Snake, a local drug dealer, until he had the sense to branch out and start his own shit.  
He was practically untouchable.  
Profit became what most niggas in the street refer to as a "Midnight Boss". He got rich over night. He used my girls as a way to get paper. He thought that females were more trustworthy than niggas, so he don't keep a bunch of dudes by his side. Plus, having a bunch of females on his team usually has its advantages.
After Profit became a drug lord and hooked up with Snake's connect, Snake put a hit out on him. They can't stand each other.  
It's been six years since then, and now at twenty three years old Profit has the whole state on lock including Georgia, Florida, and Virginia.  
Me, I'm the First Lady. He handles his business and I take care of my side of the operation, which is usually the dirty work.  
Me and my crew live day to day, and ain't shit gone stop us but death. Together, we got this trap shit on lock.  
"Yo' Brooklyn, come here real quick!" I heard Profit yell from downstairs.
I let my pink cotton towel fall to the floor and I turned to look at myself in the mirror. I had a banging ass body. I wasn't Taylor Swift skinny, but I wasn't Monique thick either. I was just the right size. I was a size 12 in the hips with a waistline of 27 inches and perfectly rounded c cup breast. I had to admit I was a bad bitch. 5'6, brown-skin, with dark grey eyes, I could have any nigga I wanted. I smiled at myself in the mirror then pulled my long honey blonde dyed hair up into a messy ponytail. I grabbed Profits t-shirt off of the nightstand and pulled it over my head. 
"Bae I'm coming'!" I yelled, jogging down the long spiral staircase.  
Profit stood in the kitchen wearing a pair of black basketball shorts and a wife beater. He wore a pair of long white Adidas socks and matching sandals. He leaned against the counter brushing his wavy hair and texting on his iPhone at the same time.  
I cleared my throat.  
He smiled. "Damn, took you long enough."  
I frowned and reached for the refrigerator. "What you want lil boy?" 
He put his phone on the counter and wrapped his arms around me. "I just wanted to see my baby." 
I stared him blankly, "Nigga you see me everyday. You must be feeling some type of way today."  
He laughed. "Brooklyn chill, and what the fuck I tell you about wearing my damn t-shirts?" 
I pulled a jug of orange juice out the fridge and sat it on the counter. "It's just a shirt Profit, besides I just got out the shower."  
